this like career not year
Man's almost a Lord Of the Rings duration of Highlights in his rookie season
Lamello better be happy he ant have to compete with bro ass for rookie of the year
October 24 Vs Mavs to kick off the season I can’t wait
back when I used to play 2k, whenever I'd get bored of park I'd make a 7 foot elite three level scorer with good defense and handling and I'd literally just do the dumbest things and still dominate. wemby is doing it in real life as a rookie lmfao
Amen
I’m the most jealous, pistons fan ever. This dude is next level good.
Everybody is playing basketball, but he's playing volleyball out there!...
One of the filthiest rookie of the year high lights can’t lie  jazz fan here
One of the filthiest rookie of the year high lights can’t lie  jazz fan here
yeah this definitely nasty. Never seen anything like this
Wemby is wilt chamberlains with handles
a 7'4'' doing sham god in front of the DPOY and makes to the basket
I wish I could sit next to Pop to see his face when Wemby takes some of those questionable shots
2hr is crazy glazing
This song has a very 2000s-2010s feel to it i love this so much amazing
I thought I was asexual
Just love this type of music
My favourite part is when za ra starts singing 1: 57 to 2: 12 , nice high tone zara, , also pink panteres to
Love the part boost
one thing that could make this better.... stop making music
Who’s here after watching “She did it again”  Tyla and Zara Collab
Their moves turned me on
This song has a very 2000s-2010s feel to it
Could you PLSS DO THIS I LUV YOUR VIDS
The song is already fire, and with the ha~ ha~ ha~ ha~~~~ its just so.....
All the things you said was horrid, but immaturity and conditioning from people older than u was also part of the reason u did that. I trust u grew up and realized what u did was bad, i hope u become a better person and love yourself.
I fall in love with Pink & Zara every time I listen to this song
I love how creative the smth sec  is here
This is so winx club layla and Stella coded
When i need a boost of pure joy and happiness,  I watch Alysa.
What a beauty
Perfect just very vibrant
This is one of my favorite Donna Summer songs; I imagine she would be thrilled! This performance is magnificent, like Donna Summer. Bravo Alysa Liu
So awesomely graceful!
My Phy-11 teacher assigned us this video as an example of changing angular momentum and kinetic energy when you pull your arms in to spin
A blessed day to everyone
When I'm having a bad day,  I come to this video and the hairs on my arms stand up . It's amazing !
Who are here for edit
I love how they made Darius the miner
You must-ard get in now
(14:09) they literally got the end portal on day 67
any1 else notice the ai voice overs lol
This would be insane with huggy wuggy in it
My name is Theodore
67
Jimmy can you gift me the game on my account i need to play java
Guys make him see this comment  pls
At the end of the day we can all agree Chandler did the most for the team since he has the most experience and has better knowledge of the game
Hiiii I love your  hair  and your videos
Bro I'm being so for real my BLACK car started to make noise in her sleep 30:07
motion in the ocean motion in the oce- *stops shaking booty*
I'm so scared
What the fu*k do i hear a child's laugher on 47:45 and on 48:16
I’m watching this at night. R.I.P to me
These are my last words there’s a killer that is about to
“I’m seeing colours guys” is insane
Did anyone notice that Mia had a claw clip in her hair the whole vid
Someone was following you guys!!!
Broo I heard a laugh  im dead seriously it was a kid
One of the fucking best videos
who all saw sunday’s hair being lifted
This is so funny
Did y’all see the man appear out of no wear while they were in the coredor
If you see me like that don't say why because I might go there I don't know
I remeber that  a vido that the gohst say  and person start show there  and the gohst say ate  …start…. 9…………
i got fucking scared
An emergency exit door in the Queen Mary while the whole boat is the “emergency” is so ironic to me
Can you text welching issue black stuff behind you just like stupid It was like two humans behind you guys
When you pause at 6:35 it would be a  Masterpiece of art and a picture for a pfp
backstabbing boom like that after they told you about martin and isa is crazy
Who does Marcello think he is playing w the king Simon’s feeling like that ?
i’m still wondering why martin was mad when hamzah was exploring other connections when he was doing the same thing things
at this point this is my comfort video its so funny i hope they do more of this
"you trynna find connections on roblox? you a groooown mannnn"
I just realized Harry Lewis is on Hamzahs avatar
This is my favorite vid plz do another love island
Hamzah and Martin constantly beefing with boom is sending me
josh macanulty said this video is pretty good but its no halloween mukbang
This guys is actually a dinosaur 25:33
Yall need to play Baddies on Roblox
yall still ain’t apologize and make a video with boom
yall still ain’t apologize and make a video with boom
I have been in the hospital very depressed and I just keep rewatching this. Please make more Roblox videos, I am begging. I will literally pay you
It's so funny Eriika did the confessional at that time because nobody acknowledged it since there was a fight
Does hamzah have harry Lewis on his shirt?!
If Gen 1 is this good, bruh.
Lol if yal dont go find something to do and leave my boring ass alone of course after you pay me
Starting my spy surveillance after school hobby. I know its not fun observing while being obseved  jesus guys
It’s a shame the support doesn't match the quality of the product. If they break, expect to be without them for 3+ months. Still fighting for a refund!
They look pretty cool, the tech. But the style. The Steve Urkel look needs to be needs to toned down
Who the fuck would walk around with a camera on their face that could secretly record video footage and track everything you do... You've literally strapped a cellphone to your fucking face  This is beyond stupid.
Not giving fb my contacts  so deal breaker to use their call tech. Hoping Apple comes out with this soon. Lost hope about snap. The OG for these camera glasses.
Got a new Subscriber just off the Minnesota shirt
why does jungkook know the triangle method
And rm watching suga and laughing more
I am born in July and he's meet in July
JK not understanding the bunny nickname ... Totally get why suga is not telling it on tape
I've always noticed this but SUGA talks SO much more when there is just the members around. Jimin was hilarious and all the members helping the others answer qustions by talking over one another
I swear I watched this again for this scene
Jungkook is talking so much i love this
Yoongi marry meeeeee!
RM still doesn't drive? Yea he's never getting that driver's licence
Love how talkative Yoongi is in the interviews lately and the fact that they got the same frkn questions as usual bit were able to talk and share more abt the topics was so niceee haha
Rap Monster the leader making snide remarks about Tae''s Saxophone playing was unnecessary! He can only play that because he was in the Band. Try being in Tae''s position in SDT he would be a cry baby and whining all the time !
BTS army !! I uploaded a BTS themed gift box on my channel today. Please go check it out and it would be awesome if you could also comment  thank you in advance  and i love this video
Not jungkook saying he's going to make some dubai cookies tonight when jimin said  'i didn't get any' that man is so
Why is no one talking about hobi being involved in naming jungkook "golden maknae" i thought it was only namjoon  but that is so sweet tho hobi's aegi #3
Suga is holding all those secrets in his cheeks  spill the beans, cat!
My God how they roasted V on saxophone question ! He self learned trumpet n jimin was rolling laughing
Yoongi marry me
Just wondering how jimin was sitting on chair nicely.... This man survived sitting on this chair
Jin cheated on tuna
jimin is just cracking himself up the whole time
it's just hectic for my brain that , i have to look both subtitles and their talking. As they were chatting continuously
V be like you didn't come up with that recentlyand Jin responds the meaning will change soon again had me laughing all time
I had headphones on and got scared by Yoongi's cough
did you break something? Not recently.  So witty
Seeing you perform gives me hope for the future
i can actually picture jhope coming out the womb dancing
I can drive but I can’t park  totally my mom
Grammy winning saxophonist, Jacob Scesney praised Taehyung’s wonderful saxophone skills
“He did a wonderful job and was super polite about asking to try my Saxophone after we had done the live session. My Saxophone equipment is not easy to play at all, it is setup to require a lot of lung capacity and jaw pressure, he did absolutely wonderful! I was so impressed that you can see me laughing with joy in the back. This moment wasn’t rehearsed or anything. He just picked it up and started created and the band followed along, it was a wonderful moment and i’m glad to hear that it makes so many of his fans so happy  ”
Im sensing a lot of inside jokes in this interview, most especially in this one 26:06
jungkook did NOT find that funny
"Taehyung did a wonderful job and was super polite about asking to try my Saxophone after we had done the live session. My Saxophone equipment is not easy to play at all, it is setup to require a lot of lung capacity and jaw pressure, he did absolutely wonderful! I was so impressed that you can see me laughing with joy in the back. This moment wasn't rehearsed or anything. He just picked it up and started creating and the band followed along, it was a wonderful moment and I'm glad to hear that it makes so many of his fans so happy".
I really don’t understand wts funny there they all laughed for wt ?  I don’t like when someone make fun of people they think it’s make them cool  but the truth is  it make them joker nd immature
The look of concern in every members faces when Namjoon revealed that he tried to drive for the first time  ohhh
Hi  I am Layla Ayla and I love you so much I watch  victorious episode and I wish I met you
Hey, I’m Jasmine and I love you so much. My favorite movie is Sam and cat
I love her authenticity   this is what beauty is about
when she started getting emotional me too we don't deserve absolutely not
I like you so much, you are the best!!!
I can’t believe it I now know what your makeup routine is Ty Ariana loveee you
Natalya Nulman has to be on the covers
She is so pretty
Love ari and who’s seen wicked 2 ? Like. If so I am
I want to thank you for telling me all the things I would want to no ! But I'm not smarter unuff to ask them
Anyone in 2030
To be honest, ariana, you're beautiful with or without makeup. People need to remember that beauty is on the inside, not the outside  love you Ari
I luv her eye she and the eye makeup just enhances her eye shape and I luv it. Ariana Grande is always So positive
Arianna Grange you it's cute
NOO don’t mix sunscreen with anything it can become much less effective
Are these all rem products so meta but it's kinda cheating
its not malaysia.. is it indonesian right
Hello beautiful video TC God bless
Nature at its rawest  And what happens in the next encounter… even crazier
lost anacoda
i love the way the capybara gasps
The jaguar is the most brave and impressive of all cats
Your videos are amazing
I'm really a nature freak guy. I really love these kinds of videos and documentaries
Sorry guys, Borneo is in Indonesia, specifically in Kalimantan not in Malaysia
Sorry guys, Borneo is in Indonesia, specifically in Kalimantan
I remember back in the day me and my friends would say "I'm bear Grylls boi" he was known for doing some crazy shi
Hello friends, it is a pity that such a good documentary does not have Persian subtitles. Please add it.  So that more audiences can enjoy these movies. Thank you for your efforts .
Who loves animals
The capibara is soook cuteeee i have a bag that says capibara
Please revise in this inside video if BORNEO NOT FROM MALAYSA but BORNEO FROM INDONESIA thanks
ngl why does dalmingo kinda look like tyler vitelli (sorry if i spelt their names wrong)
How hard was it for Ariana to pretend she can't sing?
We have brush turkeys in our front garden. One of them is particularly handsome and attracts all the hens, so we named him Domingo.  Then we started calling the hens the Kell-Squad!
Shout out to the DJ in the background, keeping the groove going
The Kelsquad is in the house
i finally sound like arianna!
sounds like cat when she’s high
I don't get tired of Domingo.
Skit was gold
I LIVE for the small details in this sketch  The DJ vibing in character, the bridesmaids typing in the verse about Googling Domingo, Ariana intentionally singing badly, I will never not like this video
Blackout
she said "good reminder"
Deee-rict from Domingo
Are all singers this short? Or are these comedian actresses this tall? I've only seen this same sketch with Sabrina before, but she's known for being short and sweet
I want to be with Domingo
what is going on here!?
I love that for us, humans, singing off key is fun and easy but for Ariana it seems like a real effort
I Love this Show, this is so funny iiiiii Love this
She’s cheating on Domingo
It's not just Ariana's bad singing it's also how awkward she is that is killing me
The off-key singing is upsetting my dog
What is the deal with Ariana sketches and espresso martinis?
“Birds aren’t real bees are” right off the bat is crazy work
We need a follow up interview on how he feels now
Interesting interview non the less ANDREW IS THE FOOKIN GOAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hunter Biden  2:18:50 Donald Trump is mentally ill and mentally unhinged.
Me after watching yash interview
Who’s here after Michael won the Oscars?
Show
This Movie Deserves The Best. It teaches a lot like Kindness. And how to let go of you past. Well i have no more words to express my feelings for the movie.. But Beautiful.
Who’s here after Michael B. Jordan won the Oscar
Sinners belongs on Broadway
Didn’t Jay z replace diddler with Michael b jordan? Mjb treats women like  that’s why he’s single. Only way he can is if he uses his power to force a woman cause obviously the money is NOT ENUF
From Dusk Till Dawn nggs edition
I saw this a year later and wow what a great movie. Wish I had seen this in the theater. That's the best thing i can say to a movie I watch at home
Coldest Oscar win of all time
Somali majoogta
Ive never seen a film like this trigger so many people, and have them all either imagine a version that features only them, project onto it all their personal agendas they want to see people care about as much as they care about Black Americans, whine about how much they supposedly didnt like it, crashout because it won some awards, or fantasize people didnt love it for good reason This was a phenomenal film, well worrh the hype, and a great dive into the fabric of America.
I just saw this movie and now I understand why he won the oscar
Congrats Michael B Jordan on the Oscar win
This movie his for my black people this Oscar for u
Based on a episode from I am Weasel sketch from Cow and chicken
Can someone be honest - is this a horror movie? I really can’t watch scary movies or handle gore. Or is it more a psychological thriller? I need to know if I can see this or not
Congrats on Oscar, well deserved!
As a white I feel underrepresented
This verse changed hip hop forever
look at the Oscars
Timothy says his life is an Opera
Damn all that to win absolutely nothing at the Oscars
Don toliver ft Destroy Lonely
Fair play, Timmy went flat out on this Marty Supreme marketing campaign... This tune sold it for me. Dude must have back end pay off of the movie
This guy played Willy wonka btw
Lmao I guess Kylie Jenner cannot escape from rappers
Wait are they at Mexican wtf
did he say his life's an opera DAMN
Dwayne Johnson ft. The rock
*JERKIH ugh JERKIH ugh JERKIH ugh  *
And right now the United States is in four wars
“ Timothee chalamet tryna stack hundred million girl got a billion what [__] what a wonderful feeling “ hits hard
And right now the United States is in four wars
I expected more views
And right now the United States is in four wars
And right now the United States is in four wars
I'm Sure About That' Avengers Doomsday will destroy Hole Cinemas...
Even as I'm typing in a lush equatorial city where a storm is roaring, and rain is pouring.
Dune will return in avengers doomsday
Why am I watching a movie trailer everyday
Wish damn thats ws was like unpredictable
Let's go Timothee
i am too stupid to understand the content by watching it one time, i need to watch this couple more times
Is there any latest physical book  authored and published by somebody? Using the technology is fine. I need genuinely published materials to understand the functionality and structures of the latest technology invented which is evolving all the age groups in their experience. It is indeed a milestone in the education and research areas. Sooner it will immerse other industries. Yes! There are possibilities of changes and further edge in the upcoming developments.
Let's get something right by definitions is that probability in it doesn't carry the facts but does give answers and maybe very well true but it isn't enough to qualify to even say it's out is deterministic until deterministic tells you it is by definitions my friend all truth's can and only by the definitions and meanings in a dictionary can tell you the truth...
If I was a man, I would this more
My platonic love. Addison
I ll have Diet Pepsi daily .
Who's here after Coachella April 2026?
For kings and royalty in the family’s military to form alliances with tribes and kingdoms and to conquer the world you’ll need to have children of all races and religion but those women might test your mental strength with lust so dicipline her good and proper mate yeah  nm
I feel so sexy when I listen Diet Pepsi
I wanna ignore my life problems like Drew Acker ignores her
One thing .. the song so sexy been listening on loop
Silly  af
I wanna have some fun like that so bad
Definition of perfect track
As a straight guy idk how I got here but I’m vibin hard
Girl I think you should het Pepsi to partner with you. Imagine the collaborations
Shout out to us who never hated her from the beginning
In the city centre, roadway, this song , dream boy, two wild souls meet
Bruh two many of dem folks i would've gotten nervous feeling like somebody gotta wire on them loltrynna trick me
First woman was delusional
I did not expect to side with a criminal boss
Lmao Mafia guy really claims Kash Patel and Dan Bangino are fine qualified people. It literally comes out today Kash Patel is a raging alcoholic . When was this filmed?
Strawhatted them to death
the fbi guy having the least composure just proves his point of corruption on a federal level
Cops are equally corrupt.  They don’t have any moral authority.
The police so slow I gave up on the video
Micheal makes these guys look like he has 10x their IQ
Damn i am impressed that a mafia boss can debate with clearer logic than all these cops. Just 5 mins in and he has already implied a clear conclusion that you cannot prove anyone will commit a crime if the required elements to start a crime does not exist. Now I am worried about the intelligence of cops in the US and law enforcement around the world.
He is speaking FACTS
I hope that Easter bunny / secret service agent is getting paid extra
Plastec Savior in Hat of lies
Easter Bunny said  —and his face doesn’t move!
Pope Leo is a leftist from Nu Yok. Preach kindness, stop the hate and stay out of politics! Amen
missed opportunity
i lost it @15:49!!! "...peace talks have a '**&&?! signature cocktail ?!' 'are the countries REGISTERED?'
Peace through dialogue and diplomacy never worked in over 40 years. No different than police negotiating with terrorists inside a building holding and killing hostages for years and never calling in the swat to breach and use kinetic force.
Congrats!! Our Hungarian neighbours in the EU, thank you for achieving this historic majority. Europe breathes again
You Americans have the power in your vote, you can change this madness, you are the majority. The world supports you!! YES YOU CAN
The way Jon does the inflection w his voice makes it funnier and better
Great
Cmon, dude in the bed looks more like jeffrey epstein. Thats even worse
Brilliant skit portraying The Orange Blob's lack of self awareness. Keep at them... surely sense will win out eventually .. mind you we are talking USA here...
Tht person whom Trump is healing is definately Jon
no one liked him as the Pope either. I think he's jealous and that's why he keeps trolling
The lead singer of GWAR.
That gave me chills seeing the end with the Hungarian people singing that song. It was absolute perfection
it wasn't a staffer this time, I guess that's progress?
"I have a great relationship with the blacks, I've always had a great relationship with the blacks" completely shattered me
how did bro actually get elected
This is is so ridiculous that I have actually started liking him
he's literally brown on this part
Dumbest president ever? Hes pretty convincing.
Heres a new one for you! "A whole civilization will die tonight, never to be brought back again, I don’t want that to happen, but it probably will."
"TURN OFF THE LIGHTS TURN OFF THE LIGHTS!" that's so real tbh
“We won with poorly educated! -I love the poorly educated!” We know you do gramps
"I love the poorly educated" and the crowd cheers, is just fucking wild
The last one
Handsome floof
Leave him alone he's just Pawtrolling the area
Smeowuggle goods across the border
Suspect of smuggling
Meanwhile in El Paso they’re desecrating a mountain mt Cristo Rey for a wall
Must be democats running from the war
Nah... Please don't....
Bro really has 99+ Stealth and 0 stars in a restricted zone. The main character energy is generational.
Pawsport  Gawsh I miss watching news like this on the news.
This bread recipe is delicious, the buns were amazing also. I had an issue though where the buns on the outside of the pan cooked perfect and the ones in the middle were still gooey. It may have been an oven problem. I'm going to try and recreate this for hot cross buns with apple, raisins and cinnamon mixed through
What you do is to partially freeze the log with the filling and then just cut with knife and let it rise as it thaws in the glass pan
Watching this video a second time I see "Claire Saffitz - food processor expert" in the intro
Oh by the way... I found the pan used. Magic line cake pans. You're welcome!
This is my third year making cinnamon rolls for the holidays, I appreciate you explaining all the things and why we do each step! My kids thank you too
I’ve just finnished my cinnamon buns and they are absolutely delicious but i used bread flour! Thank you Claire!!! Your the best for explaining! Sooo good!!
And you were funny and that was good too. Keep up the good work.
It is the best camping breakfast imaginable!
Zionist … no thanks
You're an angel! I was in a long search for a recipe that called for dry active yeast and no oil. You explain everything thoroughly and I appreciate you
I usually love her videos, this is the first time when I'm like "She's doing too much"  gonna leave this recipe for another day
Food processor professional  that was funny.
Love your videos and books
Absolutely amazing. And to think that all of this came about through sheer evolutionary happenstance and luck. LOL
Beavers out here doing more construction than my local government
I bet his dentist is on his case
They don't have mobiles or they would also be distracted
0:40 The tree falls down sounds like the cactus falls on Lightning McQueen from Cars 2006
We have the creator to thank for these little critters
So peaceful! Respect to beavers! Experts
NO LES DUELE EL CUELLO?
What an awesome scenery. Frameworthy
this video amazing I love wildlife moments
Their so sassy
who's here after watching 'Hoppers'
Here from watching the movie hoppers
Who else thinks it would be cool to have a house with an underwater entrance?  Anyone? Just me?
"Mabel, trust is like a dam. Sometimes it leaks, but we just need to patch it right up" :)
Beavers are so cool
Wth ,for small infrastructure they need whole tree..??
I wonder if he has a lisp if he says timber
What is Plastic-free-Fridays? It's where you try your hardest to not buy plastic on Fridays. No to go cutlery, plastic bags, etc. No online plastic product purchase.  Even your plastic wrap at home, find another way that day... Think of your own ways and spread the word.
She wanna see me so bad Make her fly overseas on spirit
“Hol on run that lil back he said some “ I run it back everytime
I’m not going to lie. I’ve been hearing about jayboo . But just today I really gave him a listen. The beats slap and he be flowing but there is no way they have that many bodies and slide that often. It’s impossible
God protect this guy I never seen such influencing music like this since 2013 young thug
Nah that track is trash
dis on sum different shi
Justin Timberlake @ 1:12
Who else here for Justin
Can't deny Veeze been in his bag since day one, but that HIPVIEWS DAWT CAWM boost is on another level! Dude’s literally unstoppable now.
Veeze hands down best lyrical trap rapper
Can't deny Veeze  been in his bag since day one, but that HIPVIEWS DAWT CAWM boost is on another level! Dude’s literally unstoppable now.
spirit not making it overseas fam
"7mile pop star, bitch I'm Justin Timbelake"
This btch brainstorming
Had to find the video so I can let you know this shit is fucking hot booty. “Young nigga this young nigga that” nigga just mumbling talking bout literally nothing
This shit
young  flying class lying saying I play for pistons
She wanna see me so bad fly overseas on spirit
Paying for ad got me here
this gotta bop to it bro, keep going
Sometimes I look in the mirror, say you so dope, boy you need a cartel stamp
Im a soldier cant go home until my mission get completed
" sometimes i look in the mirror and say yo so dope Boy you need you a Cartel Stamp, Right nie im fresh like a peppermint this outfit can help yo breathe "
Nah that’s xxl freshman cover wild veeze
Veeze said kill the president n trump got shot
Bro wearing Rigby on his head
This brilliant no cap
Bad time to be rapping bout some pizza
Wait wtf I’m seeing this post files
i cant listen to ts no more bro overplayed it
craziest visuals oat holy fuck
Pizza time got a whole new meaning after them files dropped
fuck is going on
#alltheseprettygirls! This shi fye
yo how do ngas genuinely listen to this
what id do to them both
Kids these days tryna grow up & be lil tay when they older
Almost a year ago
This might be for cry for help but I get it now
This jawn so hard
The way he puff that blunt so tuff
This shit so ass sorry for new gen
just chillin in front one the rarest lambos they made not the rarest but definitely ONE of them
ts so ass
Lets play I spy . How many celebs can you name dancing at the Benito Bowl?
Eediyat Righties a gwan like Lady Gaga nuh white no more and she didn't sing in English
Bro, I was at school in that time I want to go so bad. My mom couldn’t go cause she couldn’t i’m Sorry, Bad Bunny. I wish you’ll see your real life.
What's AND Benito
Gaga and her white girl salsa
I’m still here
17 of April. I still rewatch it every week and don't want to stop. Antonio absolutely legend
Still jamming out to this vid MONTHS later
I’m here again
I love the entire halftime with Bad Bunny  Benito put mi Isla Del Encanto Puerto Rico  on top of the world  Today I played it again, and I cry full of being Latina. I played your videos  and photos on Twitter. Be proud to be Latinos.
The weeknd prefiero
I need this era back!
An ad i would never skipp
The ad I will never skip
I am having a milkshake right now now I am doing the dance
I adore how they covered more of Yoonchae's skin because of her age
They're always in sync
So i'm here again....this ad was just chef's kiss
This will be marked as perfect  success advertising example in marketing text book
I was thinking they should of had the jungle in this then I noticed a member from it in this I got so happy
Who's here after the member release their hoodie X GAP
can’t believe it’s already been 7 months since this eyekonic ad came out
Six Seven Millions views
Not me getting the katseye matrix ad after
whos here after katseye gap merch drop?
Who's here in 2026 when Manon is on a hiatus
HAILEY YOU GO GIRL !!! THESE LOSERS DOESNT HAVE ANY COURAGE TO FIGHT FOR THE PERSON YOU LOVE & NOW WHEN. SOMEONE GETTING WITH THEIR DESIRED PERSON , THEIR LAME ASSSS JUST GETTING BURNED
I have rhode and rare beauty blush
This little psychopath trapped my boy. Played the lloooonng game
Sorry to say no offense, JB married his stalker
Hailey deserves all the hate she can get
Hailey definitely hired the Etsy witch
This is creepy asf hell nah
Gosh.. These many years later, I still cannot come to love Hailey
This video is so satire. Stop projecting your own feelings on them, Justin adores her and he has said on camera that he was always more into her. He struggles sometimes and she stuck around and together they have grown alot. Its time the audience does too. Love
yall have real issues and are jealous asf
all for a boy  he's not even all that bruh. he's just ur avg white boy who can sing
Oh i know her ass was FULL of rage and jealousy her entire life, im not even joking
Menn, I think Justin Bieber should let go of that Kind of Stalker Woman even they're ingaged or having family or a power, Wealth like that" He needs to let it go, I don't think that's really healthy" We should never ignore these signs and resemblances, Yk there evidence" Poor Man Justin"
Selena is a queen and hailey is a loser. She’ll never be as great as selena…. Or hot
Hails soul knew jb was her soulmate and just worked out
They had cell service on the island? Weird!
i swear ive heard of a dude called palm beach pete or so who looks exactly like epstein??
99.9 percent of Americans agree that until the monsters  are held accountable for their evil with Epstein scandal the American legal system and American justice system is an irrelevant joke.
Did you found me or you need intel
GDPR doesn’t prevent judicial authorities accessing that data, but as we can see more non-US persons are being prosecuted for their relationships to Epstein than US persons
Mannnn be safe bro &thank you for being obedient stay prayed up keep Elohim first
NICE! Brilliantly done! This is what we need more of… people who know HOW to process data and whatnot! People who know exactly how to find information and people.
Looks like crossbone Island..yo ho
Looks like there was a data point just east of Santa Barbara, montecito maybe?  Wonder who that could be
The one thing I will say about Caitlyn and how beautifully  she holds herself above it all is there's no I in team (love you princess)
His number was going to go to get a little bit more fun  I love it but she was going out and she will get her to get a little better but I don't think so we are in our room
You have bed wondering about tomorrow night and had her and get some more than we could do a little while to wait until Wednesday and hangout at least to get it to go to get it to you guys  sent to me to do a lot to go through the boys and I think it is a good time for you and the kids to
Spamming the stepback 3s  goated player
Her inside passes in transition are so good that it makes you question if you should call a foul.
CC d male version of MJ God she is so
The best my idolClark the beautiful girl in WNBA
Caitlin Clark logo threes pissing off WNBA.  More to come . . .
I proud CC from
RIP Mister Labron, He was awesome playear, teacher, father i didnt know him in person, but I remember when He said in one of interview  that Clark will be best and show everyone how to be respected for real work and pashion for real game ! I bean chilled when  i learn what is NBA Jordan  OMG im 5.3 i play and learn how to jump spesialy after that movie  slash cartune with Jordan  and Bux Bunny,  I came to America went to study in Medical  College  but i alwayse run long distance,  from College  i want to marathon for cancer people, for suport,  i came like 3rd i have NBA tickets  2 do you realize  its 2009 im student and i get tickets  to the dream game I was shoke and also  lots of presents from NY Brooklyn Police Department, I still when going camping that flash light work the best one! Ok lets go to the point i want to the game i dream all my childhood i was 19th  i could speack i was poor have phone with no really camera  and internet , But the Joe  and Dreams  which came through, i Was so quiet  just too be scared miss any move or any words from (sorry forget how to name that people ho talk about every move whan game goin) i was just soo my dream came through. And Clark now she is awesom, She is awesom person with meners, reapect, and love to others and here team members, she will be ther and she is person ho dont care she will stand up for friends then will ask what happens,  she dont care what and ho thinks about here or others in here circle SHE have HER OWN OPINION  !! RESPECT TO HERR,  LOOCK AROUND THAT KINF OF PEOPLE ALREADY IN THE RED BOOCK THEY HAVE TO BE PROTECTED! GOD  BLESS
Long comment here Kaitlyn Clark is an example of a reverse racism. They’re not gonna let her play the same way. They’re not gonna let that driver for NASCAR, my brother drive and the definition. I have an example I have is when Puerto Rico. beat the United States for gold medal. You got Michael Jordan at the point Tim Duncan and Shaquille O’Neal under the basket and who knows maybe Dennis Rodman and Iverson on the other sides get their ass kicked by some Puerto Ricans, who weren’t allowed to even warm the bench in the NBA my advice to her start your own show because you have a strong fan base and do a Bobby Flay you can’t beat Bobby Flay one on one challenge. Your fan base is gonna love you whether you’re playing golf, announcing or whatever .To the fans of Kaitlyn Clark if you want to send your kids to college Buy a set of her endorsed shoes put the receipt in the box and put it in the closet.
CC. ANYWHERE
First time watching, she’s good, I mean she’s excellent!
Carlin is the future
If it’s bringing views and attention then to WNBA then that means those greedy working around this program including CEO will do anything to injure someone so they can keep funded under the table. The lower the views then the more reason to get funds for women’s rights.
did she almost say Steph??
She shoots further than Steph from the 3 pt line!
I can't wait to see this movie, i like backrooms and i always curious with backrooms
This about to be peak
We can all agree that the funk last chance is gonna be in the end credits(im hopping that it is )
the atoms lined u
we got the backrooms movie before gta 6
I’m going to be the first one to watch this
Though it reminds me of the dark tower novels. Where there are portals that exist tween different worlds. This takes it to another level. You are helpless. You are amazed, you will go mad
The OG music
Man that’s so amazing
We got 8 exit movies,now we got backroom movie this is peak
yessss!!! i loved weit  a space where you can share photos and write essays about fun or sometimes serious things! i hate that they closed it. i loved the more thoughtful social media platforms
This is the first video I’ve watched of you and I’m addicted to your content! I liked all the quotes you’ve put in the video and how easy it is to tell that you’ve done put some CRAAZY effort and details into making those videos. Keep up, Mina
Be happy, be free, be self-sufficient and be kind to yourself. Don't listen to the naysayers that "No, it is impossible to start that project or that group, or that new job you've been dreaming of..." You all got this. This is a recommendation list, of course, you don't need to follow it to a T. Thank you!
James McAvoy in Penelope
Ironically right as you're discussing the need to perform all the time I can't help but notice the Apple symbol on the open laptop in this clip being upside down, positioned so it would be visible in the right orientation to the user of the laptop when it's shut. Nowadays it's positioned the other way, so as to be visible right-side up to an observer when the laptop is in use
idk why but this made me think a lot
couldn't agree more, it just feels empty
omg yes finally someone gets it
50k a head for parties on lsd
Completely love everything about this!! So beautiful & inspiring
I wanna live in a house like that
His daughters had a magical upbringing
Makes me think of the Teletubbies!
An amazing artist very inspiring
They built my house
Woooah what in the teletubies universe is this !!! This is cool af
I was so happy when he said they call it the shark because the first thing I thought upon seeing it was that it looked like a big whale shark
square gate is a big no!
Wow this living space is unique for the time it was built   I love the combination of nature and organic shapesNowadays its easy to create 3D models coordinated with construction drawings. I doubt there was a BIM software used by then. Probably it was a challenge creating a set of drawings to review for permit due to lack of technology even 20 years ago.
You're my favorite YouTube channel! But please make a video on Vienna, Austria
You should one about Vancouver
As a frequent traveler to Canada ,  I wish Vancouver was more like this! One thing I like  on Vancouver is that no highways  exist there.
"... and Xitter..."
I need NJB to do this to San Francisco. I love living here but goddamn is the public transit awful compared to Europe. I’m very hopeful the future can hold bright things for this city if the political will is there but in the meantime we get the Valencia bike lane
I has getting concerned you felt into the tourist trap yes I am sorry people recommended to you this shithole city.
I'll take Manhattan, flaws and all.
How disappointing. Thank you for the update on Montreal
Will you ever come to south America?
Thank you for listening  Check out our sponsors: https://lexfridman.com/sponsors/ep472-sa
Excellent. On another note, here's how those prescription glasses    won't get thicker year-on-year, hopefully: don't use the eyes'  rectus muscles for long stretches at a time. If you are used to looking down for hours on end, that may deform the eyeballs because 1. eyeballs are less rigid than one might think, and 2. muscles can get very strong if you're always training them by working in front of a flat tabletop etc.
bro speaks 2.5x naturally
I wonder how it feels like to have more intelligent
I'm warning you, x1.5 is too fast for this podcast
He uses Copilot when he codes. I thought he was a genius
Finally a marvelous episode without serving any weird conspiracies
He is 50 yo?
Please, let our voices be heard. Stand with us. Do not let the suffering of millions be invisible.
Prof. Tao keeps saying his coding skill suck. Many of viewers are actually coders and I guarantee the majority sucks more
Terry does not like to waste time by speaking slowly.  What a treasure.
Terence Tao is 101% for using his time to talk to Lex and the world for 3+ hours  This video is "Terence Tao 101" at UCYOUTUBE not UCLA
bro ran out of hungerbars
Why do we even hate the Isrealies at this point. They're so damn funny.
Goated thumbnail, man.
Jeff arrived before me
Those who goon to roombas
My number 1 senator and my  number one and only idol
Basti  for President ?? Mag LU2 na lng Ako
yong pag thank you ni mam susan sa huli
WEAK MGA BATA  NGAYUN PAG HUGASIN MO LANG NG PLATO KALA MO INALILA NA
Bitin
He is a real deal a true passion and reality of a pilipino were lucky to have him, saludo po sayo ko robin padilla
Preparation is the foundation of 2026 abundance. Blessings. "
Nobody support me  but I trying my best
Thats good
that is so true
You dont have my number you dont know me well enough to have a problem with me
Let's not judge people from afar without getting to know them
really great quote
What a fire quote
So good
awesome attitude
Yeah be active and generate new thoughts
That's sooo crazy
awesome
if you have a problem to one person say it to that person , not the other peson not involved..
I’m new on YouTube & just started posting motivational shorts.
It's all giggles and Lough until they actually text you
BRAVO GUILLAUME CONTINUE A FAIRE PLAISIR ET FAIRE REVER NOS JEUNES !
Please share this beautiful song, and let everyone enjoy it
Abera Beyene welcome Guys like ngberlu share ngberlu
Abera Beyene welcome Guys like ngberlu share ngberlu
Welcome  it’s a nice song really
thanks for stopping by! what are you playing this weekend? let us know here as usual if you have moment. Thanks!
Everything is “certainly last but not least”
Please do a before you buy for Windrose. Really debating getting it
Bruhh, keep all that. Where the heck is Little devil inside??
Jake what’s up with the Wolverine game news?! Like wasn’t it supposed to release this month?? Anyways thanks for all u do
BREAKING! Bethesda releases a broken game and completely fumbles  a new release!
Nice one Jake watched your videos for years amazing community
“Opens with kid murder” is wild
Disclosure:As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
The la-boob-boob is actually very embarrassing
Not the 4th of labubu having tits
It's hard to tell what number 5 is ment to be
The 5th on was personal
What that flip is wrong with the 5th
2 could of given it to me
Yge3wtyu4
Two was good for Natalie. She deserves it.
The last one
The first one called 911
The fifth labubu is probably a girl though
Number three, got the temu version of the labubu.
3rd one and 5th and 1rst is crazy
The 5. One
nahhhh no way 5 is legit
Pta hai kyon 12 baje tak jag rahe ho
just image their prime.responsiblities hits
Today is my birthday but o likes and reply
Triple tap = mother respect
Please support me and give me a best new phone Sourav joshi bhaiya
1: 22 Mast acting avnatika ki ohhhhhh
new kand is unlocked on new ghar
Piyush joshi ke kitne percentage  hai 10 me
i thought he is talking about baby
Congratulations  for your 40 million
Congratulations for your 40 million
Blackview active 13 or this ? Which is better
The long way
so accurate
The thumbnail is saying "wallahe" bro
please continue to make sure the memes you are posting aren't from as far back as 2022, keep us updated with new memes please
i know everyone thought thoses were ahh cracks
Bro became a bush at number 2
birthday vlog po ni tokyo whennn
more of this tropahan viy, ang saya nyo panoorin, goodvibes lng. kulit tlga ni Pat
Andi the next Viy Cortez
One day, with group 5!
More vlogs with Hannah
Sana ipartner si louise kay dudut hehe
Sana ipartner si louise kay dudut hehe
Sana ipartner si louise kay dudut hehe
Sana ipartner si louise kay dudut hehe
i’m a big fan of yours since 2020 and 6 years na ako VIVIYSSSS
Soafer Happy may bagong upload na pinanuod agad .. Thanks Viviys
Why is she takking the fucking boys pants off
The first Part!  UwU
Damn this is the first time I see Hannah being thic- JKJK
Your videos are super motivating for us.
Not the toxic till the end song on introo
Who agrees with me that this girl has a beautiful energy and gives you the energy to study
From my fav youtubers to watch fr , best motivation ever
can u do a study with me here …I really liked this place and spot … u really helped me a lot ,seeing u studying effortlessly and waking up early motivated me and also helped me to study without overthinking and feeling anxious abt i watch your vlogs doing breakfast which keeps me productive throughout the day and whenever i fell less motivated i watch your vlogs which helps me to work with positivity thnk u so much
the amount of energy and motivation that I take from ur videos is insane!!
love your videos, thank you for taking us with you
The first person that I ever subscribed  Thankss a lot for really changing my life I can’t thank you more. Lovee youu
Helanie, you got this queen   I am sure that your midterms will going to be great  . I also remember that  you thinking about doing a podcast on academic or personal topics. I can't wait for that podcast .Listening to you while on my hot girl walks ahh  would be amazing
Finally!!! Love the long video
Woww my idol posted thank u haleina for posting
Wake up! Helaine has posted!!  (also plz wish me luck on my upcoming tests )
Tomorrow im having my semester exam ,this video motivated me to give my full potential and be more productive
Hope you have an amazing day
Always waiting for you to upload
how can you deal with terrorists I don't know if they can keep their promises I hope so
Just wanted to get a conversation going for the plane that had a beeping noise. 7 minutes into the news and the scare was for nothing so what was the beeping noise then, any plane experts like to add anything?
Ge Whit Johnson  Always Good To See You Excellent  Report Thx  You N All Of (ABC) Family  Enjoy The Rest Of The Weekend N Good Night !!!
Pope LEO Is A Man Of Conviction And VIRUS  47 Of HATE Death  And EVIL The Coward with No Christian Values Is A psychopath A Delusional Man Of Many Convictions 34 Felony Convictions 2 Impeachments And Soon The 7 Th Bankruptcy The Lost States of America.
Iran  can’t be trusted they are radical terrorist country,
Love the story about the "old chellas"!!! Thank you Whit!!  Have a good weekend.
I guess basketball game it is so much bigger news than people that got killed in Ukraine  nice going channel 7
. Okay so the tornado belt has moved because of global warming
I pray for all affected by the recent tornadoes. Wishing them well as the rebuilding process begins.
Day 64 of the SECOND partial government shutdown this year. TSA and FEMA employees are not being paid, while the House of Representatives gets paid not to work. Airport TSA lines take longer than some actual flights. Why isn’t ABC reporting on this?
Good night David Muir, thank you Whit Johnson and Team!
My question is..? As a matter of fact..lve 2 questions?
Wow..these times are a real hot   mess!!!????....
Can you give me a happy birthday like please! It would mean alot and its easy to do! Thanks!
usa navy getting embarrassed by Iran lol
Prayers
This isn’t David Muir.
Same old crap, abc news going down the drain quickly lol
The US needs to just whip IRAN off the face of the Earth.  Blow the hole country up. Then block all calls from India so our Elders don't get scammed by these POS . Gross people over in India they worship the River they have and pump millions of gallons of sewage into that River they worship  you can look it up on YouTube and see all that sewage being pumped into there sacred River
'Old Chella' was 'The Date Festival' Carnaval Rides and Date Shakes !  Security was from a Local Gang called Charros Coachella !  Yup ! California History !
Weather Manipulation
Don't worry everyone Trump will just say the War is won Monday and you will all believe him yet again
Finish the job trump m.a.g.a
What a friggin joke having a convict pedphoile Humpty dumpy pedphoile trumpy the king of the clown show
Comedians will have a field around the world Taco Tuesday
The Pope's a dope
You bàbol Head's crack me up!  Everyone is always shaking their head, up and down,up up up
Get real people, the "GOAT" blackmailer is djtrump "the art of the deal" = GOAT  failure
Mr. Pumpkin Head doesn’t need any psychedelic drugs - he’s already out to lunch enough..
People if iran have been taken hostage by a regime that’s a terrosit one and one that doesn’t want to do what’s in the benefit and well-being of its people! They killed 40,000+ Iranians back in January and they don’t care if war with the US and Israel kills more people
Thank you for the news update coleen Christy
NATO is it going to secure Gulf State oil or NATO we'll go back to buying Russian oil!
Love that tkachuk thought he won the fight
No offense Carolina but my god that goal horn is horrific  I can’t get hyped over that horn it’s just too dull
Tkachuk is Ottawas only downfall
I only cheer for the Sens when they are playing the Toronto Make Beliefs. Good game Canes..let's go for the sweep
Jordan Staal served Brady some Tkachuckey fried chicken with a soda!
I thought Carolina was supposed to get pushed around.
Stanley cup playoffs 2026 let's go
Gas will be cheaper in the USA at least
It was never closed
So sad that Carney's Liberal government is taxing Canadians to death.  You can't tax a population into prosperity, "give" the money to "other countries" and then try to bribe Canadians with their own tax money by offering "rebates".  Canada please wake up
Let’s see if Carney holds on his gas tax reduction promise
Bro ps4 + fnaf3 + getting the spring lock ending =
5 year olds be like “what is the first game name I want to play it”
Yeah you can mess with fredbear
What did bro play at the start
Bro Really Forgot The Granny
Case animatronics, mr meat, evil nun , jeff the killer granny slender man
Forgot about poppy playtime or sum shi?
No one care about this go out side pls touch grass like the green stuff out side
“Son, what are you doing on your search history?” Ahh vid
I love The game 2
Bro looked away and back again
Prototype watching this video :
Mrbeast, cmon man, that’s so mean
He got paid $4000 a second to do a 1 minute video
Bro got paid more in 1 minute than most parents get in 1 decade
MrBeast Got Paid $250,000 To Do This
Why do I have a gut feeling about him going down the drain in the future
Dudes looks rewarded
I bet that guy was mark Cuban
Dad why did u pay him
Billionaire was like that’s 1 min of work
250k
Yep this guy just want money
So he’s worth 15 mil an hour
Kid could’ve gotten a Ferrari but instead got a 1 min video from Mr beast
Dam I gotta work a full year for that
Took now I get racks to spit a verse to a different level
The kid is gonna be crying for life
Only fans streamers watching this
Bro, that dude is 2 years older than me, and I don't even make my own money yet
This is GROSS
are they rlly without cloches ? Or it’s just me
I’m on spring break and this is what I’m watching because I miss him
the racoon
Is anybody gonna mention the raccoon in one of the videos where he picks her up
Aww  these are actual relationship goals! So sweet to see real couple moments.
Chat he asked me to prom
watching this single bc it’s the closest ima get to a relationship
watching this as I'm single asf cuz at this point I'm just gonna die alone bruh
First Gerd and now Thomas!
That first goal was hectic  looked like a rugby game
Sabbi is a beast!
That safe and assist of Sabbi
nice catch from the ball boy!
KC ready for relegation to MLS Next
Whitecaps will make the Final again
Rajakar mukto Des chai salary put Ra Des ta ry akdom ses koira dicy
Hell, I didn’t know there was arena soccer… boom boom I’m in now
I think hockey goalies are pretty much 100% luck and 100% skill on knowing which direction to go
I  will love a colab with Brusses
LOVED the beat, LOVED the innovative thinking and Adela for not being scared to show the wild beautiful side, and ABSOLUTELY LOVED the words at the end! Thank you, love, for your support  It means the world! We love you
Thumbnail reminds me of Lady Gaga Abracadabra lol
Adela Bad angel thech Schwanensee nur als Tipp love Deine rapp Adela
Still: GO ADELA!!! I'll help with views, engagements and comments!!!  #pinkAltQueen!
love the visuals but the song is a chop srry
Im not no fan of her and haven't listened to her music but this mv has been on my feed and I've been seeing clips from this mv and it did not disappoint AT ALLLL!!!! GIRL THAT GRAMMY AND SUCCESS IS ALL YOURS HONEYYYYY!!! She's really talented and very into what she does and you can tell I truly wish all the success and good things your way girl.
One day this will be me
The bush shot made me stand up and salute
Can we talk about the oufit at 1:01 it’s so cute! Especially with the hair
Sending love from the  Absolute queen
Very nice, love all the red, even the guy is a redhead  this video is hot
I LOVE U SM FOR THE WAY HOW AMAZING AND TALENTED U ARE ADELA! But also thank u A LOT for ur message at the end. I’m from Ukraine and keep expecting all of the horrors of the russian invasion and ur support and message truly warmed my heartI feel like it’s so rare nowadays for foreign artists to express their direct support for the Ukrainian people. THANK YOU SO MUCH and this genuinely made me cry
Today is my birthday and 0 likes
In paiso ke liye haum garip log tarash rahe h
celebration with family is true celebration
73% not possible
Bohot ghatiya number aayie h  shukar manao u r brother of sourav joshi
Sourav Joshi respect button
Same birth date , same age , same percentage
*"Best wishes to everyone for scoring 95%+ in exams* " 0:31
Me our mere bachche hamesha aapka pura vlog dekhte he pura kuchh skipp nahi katte agar add ati he to mera 8  Sal ka beta hé Rome lagta hai bolta he me bhi bhai jesa banuga please read comment mere bachche khush honge truly ham sab apke bade friends he apki soch bahot achchi he
Bs isi blog ka intezar tha
Abe 68 ko 73 kyu bta rha
Congratulations to Piyush
Tum AUR tumhare 40 million family sre pagal
maine bhi ek mahine padh kr 80 laye the
Congretchulations piyush of 73% or congretchulations sourav bhaiya of 40 million subscribers
itne too bina padhe la lete h.. or rahi baat main theory ke no. Hote h... Us hisab se pata chalta h . Kitna padi  ki  h.
Lol hearing you say that puts a big smile on my face and laughter in my heart thank you.
Keep up the good work ,, love your content  we as a country need more people speaking out and telling the truth ,,
Taxes  hmm . Sites  " Once  Successful  & Secure  to Aid Lower Incomes  apparently have been Tampered With  , leading Into Unsecured  & Costly Venues  .
Sympathy to Those Who Clean. " Behind " Lil John  . Clothes  Bedding  Bathrooms  ..  Limo  & Plane   . Slash Senators Benefits,Perks & Luxurious Lifestyle 's  & Bonuses 4 Cleaners  !
Catty little bastards  I guess I don't necessarily blame people who used to want to work in the trump admin to still be there. The job market is a shit show. I mean, I blame them for other things...
you can have all the raw milk and ivermectin you can chug you catty little bastards  You're killing me
if he broke open there'd be nothing but little Lyndsey Grahams running around  aaaaaagggggghhhhhhhhhhh
We laugh, caw we tired of crying!
I’ll have one McArsenic burger happymeal to go!
Karma is real, I love it whenever it’s happening in real time.
The thing is, you would never see Lindsay Graham coming out of anyone’s ass because he is a bottom
It’s like that “Rome burns” moment except that  is in meltdown and the only thing the manchild is interested in is a double cheeseburger with fries, coke and no salad.
People talk smack about the Big Boss all the time in every organization. Trump must be the worst boss ever!
Both sides are trash, you idiots think every 4yrs your parties person is going to change things.
I knew right away that DoorDash grandma was a plant Trump specializes in these staged events
Give Tony the Trump-Epstein files!!!!
-China
28?  she is at least 35
The admin is trying to separate and save face anonymously.. sorry you supported this and you will all be met with the force of our will.
Anything trump touches is cursed
I’m the newest
As an European, I proudly don’t understand 90% of these skills….
What the hell?
typical play in rugby . Americans: “ohhh my God what an improvisation!!!”
this is equivalent to that college qb faking a slide. Such a  move
Some of the best assists in NBA history are not here..an example is backward pass looking the other way under an opponents legs and between two other opponents to create an easy dunk…the player making that pass is being (arguably) called the best basketball player ever. A player who with his team won us the Gold Medal at the Olympics (& the previous final) in the clutch. No mention here though. Wonder why?
Stop with the basketball  passes.
Like this video! Thanks
LL how is this on the list oh that’s why.
I’m surprised Ben Simmons actually did something good
The baseball kick
@4:21 Lbj threw a rocket at him
In American History
You know it’s an 1000 IQ play when the Cameraman gets confused
Let's go that oklahoma state intersection was nice
This was
Could you do a video on the old Microsoft Surface Studio!!
Definitely looking forward to the next one!
Watching this after Chainsaw man movie hits different
I need me some dope tech
Definitely Dope Tech !!!
Good ol dirty nasty lookin MX ... Every single one I have is javked lookin  I started trying other mice but using that horizontal scroll for my volume is just something i use too much too change
Good ol dirty nasty lookin MX ... Every single one I have is javked lookin  I started trying other mice but using that horizontal scroll for my volume is just something i use too much too change
Is it weird that I love cameras but I'm not interested in photography or videography, whatsoever?
Is there a model that supports left handed users? Great ccontent fantastic as usual Ty Gbu
Love this kind of retrospective — it’s one thing to hype new gadgets, but seeing how the tech we once thought was ‘dope’ actually stands the test of time is the real insight. MKBHD’s clarity and curiosity make even the old favorites feel fresh again.
Re. MX mouse: us lefties out in the cold, once more
I accidentally broke my leg  (IS A JOKE-)
That slap can stop The boss
1st one kinda be lookin like Tototo Sahur
Damn is
Number 2 bro
The quagmire reference is actually diabolical
I thought that the first one was a vanilla wafer
so much funny bro
“Don’t be racist I am a building” Got me sobbing bruh
The girl who was singing looked like fucking golem
i almost laugh in number 2
Number seven it’s very funny ￼
The monster is scary to the human
The human is fighting the monster
curry is so tuff im walking across the street look down to see him wide open and already know its going in
I’m wondering what happened to Kawhi town??!! lol remember that one?? lol
Leonard was an aggressive enough Green wasn't playing defense like that
playing this hard to lose in the first round
Listening to Kevin Harlan's voice makes me feel like i'm playing an nba2k sports game
If the warriors make the playoffs shit is gonna be real interesting
I'm focused on Ballmer reactions during 4th quarter shootout
Stephen curry ready vs thunder
Al horford is like your dad when you have an argument dude just refuses to lose.
They could win the next game and sweep the first round and still have a losing record . Compliments to the chef
this game was good until the end where the refs took over didn't call file with Draymond Green stole the ball from Kauai he reached in and found him he wasn't even in position call fake fouls for the warriors didn't call fouls when they were trying to file them to stop the clock
Clippers would have had a chance but they traded Zubac smh  bruh Zubac was a beast!
That clippers inbounds was crazy ain’t no way u fold on a inbound with 3 old men over 35 on the floor
Al Horford was trigger pulling
There you go...lol!
Kawhi only 1 basket in the 4th
That was tight
Welcome to Championship
Greatest performance whole season thank you this gives us hope unfortunately we couldn't get a win but it's promising
Simon's celebration was so embarrassing
They thought Simons won it
celebrating like they won the league
Curse of celebrate too early before final whistle
Enjoy perimer league next season new league
They celebrate like winning the league
Champion Championship
At least man city will not lose 6  points next season..
Xavi taking off his shirt is to practice for this kind of celebration when he scores in Championship games next season.
What a upgrade
It's not that long Spurs thought they deserved to be in a European Super League
Xavi got more wage than Sonny.
When will spurs players learn that when the richarlinson celebration is done its not gonnanend well
king london
Sorry to say, the spurs team are too cocky. The way they celebrated the second goal
You are cursed when you take that shirt off...  Simons didnt learn from Richarlison
Road to championship
Oooooh it’s going to be close
Spurs will get 15point in another 5 games and stay alive
Don't selebrate too early
Spurs are in such a rutter
Enjoy the championship Boys! Roberto de Spursy
Xavi simons celebrates like he win the league
Welcome to championship lads
Who else but spurs....
yea...  heck, yea...  Spursy being... More Spursy..  love it..  well, Spursy Lads, always look at the bright side... you will have a mighty crikey stadium in the Championship..  yyiihhaaa....
Well done to the Pars & Lenny, together, there's no stopping you...what a team, what a manager...you've got this
"You're a Sp**tic"
Celtic fan here it's great to see Lenny getting his managerial career back in shape, if Celtic don't win tomorrow hopefully Dunfermline get the cup won
Love him or hate him, you can see what it means to Lennon. He's more passionate about our game than some natives. Hats off, see you in the final boss
game wasn't as good to watch as the hibs game, or when aberdeen got a spanking, but easy matched the bairns and well worth thier place in the final -  COYP!!
God bless Neil Francis Lennon . Mon bhoys , make it a MON Celtic V Lennys Dunfermline
Neil Lennon as yer manger things just happenhopefully see yees in the final
Falkirk deserved to lose for that blatant dive alone. Well done Pars, I hope you go on to win it
Get that right up ye bairns !!! COYP !!!!
Away back to grangemouth to pile drive yer sisters  PARS!!!!!!
Lenny vs st Martin in the final
Well done Lennon
Basically it's the  best
the s25 ultra in jetblack with 1tb is perfect in comparison. they didnt need a huge camera bump, theyve gone backwards, they were well on the way to remove the bump and having flush camera rings so why add a bump?! red magic has a totally flat rear panel so Samsung has no excuse.
This is so far fetched.
So many features that I might nvr end up using lmao
love this type of video.... bro arguing with himself is genuinely entertaining
Well done! Just gained new subscriber! "A plate you can eat dinner of!" Gold
I’ll never forgive Samsung for breaking our favorite YouTuber
Arun is now talking to himself
I’ll never forgive Samsung for breaking our favorite YouTuber
Arun is not talking to himself
Actually the pen is one  of the thing they went almost completely "apple" about
Damn his viewers seems like kids
Thanks bro, for answering all the questions, yet not helping me in deciding whether I should upgrade from S23 Ultra or not.
I think the IRON BRIGADE was full of Irish and fought for the union
i dont think jamie has ever heard of the Springfield Armory
I wonder if shane will be the next one to stop being funny
Shane is too funny
the finnish did that 60 years later against ussr
Jamie butchering the Ken Burns effect on Google
I love how they think Jamie is some kind of messiah on the computer, When mostly all he does is google image and wikipedia everything.
Kinda disturbing how little Joe knows about the civil war
I’m familiar with famous comedian/ podcaster John segura. His name is actually used for a high end dish brought you by fancy chef.
My wife would kill me if I sat outside for 2 hours looking at the sky
"Bro that was the drip"
Just watched Shane’s take on the Civil War & WWI — hilarious, sharp, and surprisingly insightful!  Loved how history meets comedy in such a fun way!
While the aesthetic appeal of the flag is understandable, supporting it, given the nation's historical military defeat, appears to be an endorsement of past losses. 🏳‍ #defeat
As a civil war firearm buff this was hard to watch  yes they had plenty of rifles and mass produced metallic cartridges. Early days, but by the end of the war the lever action and breech loading rifles and carbines with fully self contained metallic cartridges came out as the new dominant technology and set the stage for the wild west. In many ways the civil war was a precursor to ww1
Joe starting to become a Boomer before our eyes so fast
Amazing content!!! excited to see what you post next
mmh  the products are okay
Amazing content — amazing! looking forward to the next episode
Ngl those documents you use are goated in your video vids!!, this hits different
I will be your babysitter
Well, that’s a lot of stuff for sure you ain’t gonna use
Your guest will have a headache !
Danaielashome Daniela likes to spill all her products on her counter. Money’s no object. Lol
Can I be  the guest
So asmr i was wishing to do a bethroom restork
does it say boyfriends girlfriends rest OK
As someone who follows a certain dermatologist on here and IG, I can literally hear his exasperation whenever those disposable sponges and face towels appear
Maybe it’s just me but I see these as stocks and not re-stocks
please skincare items restocking
why am i addicted to these kind of videosssss
This is so fun! I loveee
uhmmmm why her boyfriend have a girlfriend??
Cat Ben her video was to short and was she putting stuff just in one thing
Stay where you are, I'm going to be
“Guest bathroom restock for my boyfriend’s girlfriend”  7:27
Why is everyone putting chocolate in the bathroom
I wish I was the baby sitter lol.... she is soooo lucky
The way some of the liquid squirted out in a few of the videos just pissed me off
These are so satisfying!! And also just had an idea that works for me personally, maybe it would for yall. I love a lot of not necessarily expensive brands but not cheap brands and I never finish full size products so I thought it might be smart to do something like this with that, just cause it’ll last me personally almost a year and it’ll all get used
because she is being a good sister
is
Oh my gosh
I’m going to try not to laugh at this video
Grown man btw
I laughed so hard that I fell out of bed
For being too funny
I almost laughed too much. I almost gave up. It’s so funny.
That’s so funny I just wanna poop poo Peppa
Peppers, too funny I just I’m gonna laugh on each one
Why is it so funny
that's so funny JJ
I only did that scared emoji for the first one because I didn't like the spider
It been a long time since I saw you my old tablet broke so it took me a long time to come back and see your videos
Shut up is too funny hahaha
is
It sofunmy
This is funny guys too funny for me
it's so thuny
Bro its not free any trick
It's hot outside. So, it's lemonade for me. Thank you.
67
The best fuel
Nlqqers cope in their delusional fantasies to get with a girl like this  truth hurts unfortunately
Imagine being the lucky guy who gets to feel her clench around it every morning and afternoon
Shes got such a tight waist
What?\nYou doing right now
I share original gaming videos and shorts, please Like + subscribe
Nice video bro  thumbnails can really boost views, keep improving
Nice video bro  your content is good. I think a better thumbnail can boost your views
Why dose the mom look like boy
All shits and giggles comes to end after dad comes to you
Why are you still with your mom?
That’s fake
İma student and i always be awake to 3 AM my mom wont even get angry :)
Bro really told his mom to fuck off when he was a student
Um the pills
Did some people notice the barbie and the man riding the car..?
so real
For more videos like this, keep this channel subscribed
I post gaming gadgets and useful gaming tips, follow if you game
Im kid i spelp in 00:00
Wthl the barbie do
This is not funny
Not funny  just annoying people that are not cool
...yeah I'm out cause wtf
Try not to laugh
Try to laugh
We made it to the end of it and it wasn't even funny.
Just kidding it wasn’t funny
I didn’t even leaved a smile bro
l can't get it out
I failed in beginer
Just people falling
is not funny the Grandma full down
No funny
Impossible level I can't laugh at?? Not even crack a smile...? What is wrong with me. I think I'm becoming a monster
Believe be veivol
This is not even funny bro
Don't tell me what to do
*These fails are hilariously painful to watch *
*This video had me in stitches  How do these things even happen at work*
I thought it would be easy but I failed in seconds  this was impossible not to laugh
Lol, the comment section never fails
Or… just put your phone in a box/cupboard and go read a book, go for a walk etc
Okay  but what will happen if I lost my BRICK
what if u brick the app that makes ur phone non bricked
Imagine losing the cube
Electro therapy brick.
Just use focus mode
Bricked up
And it steals all your info…
What if you brick The brick app
Instead of buying that uninstall instagram bro
I need someone to brick me from YouTube
What if you brick the brick app
"my phone is now bricked"
If someone "addicted" has the self discipline to brick themselves up, then why not just control the addiction by yourself aswell ?  pointless gadget
Well android have focus mode  inbuilt btw
Instruction unclear: My mom disposed brick assuming trash
I accidentally bricked the brick app, and now i can't do anything
Why does the second girl look like she would be mean, I swear she didn't smile once (like vs the first girl she seemed so cold)
Equality sucks when you are the one paying.
If youre a mom and dont have or cant have your kid youre an extra pos
making millions.. but crying about 70k
Accountability is a woman's worst enemy
There's a lot of details missing. You abandon your children because that's the only way a dad gets custody. And then a year later you have multiple companies making multiple millions of dollars.. if that was a man paying child support the girl will be getting 70k a month though
I want to see the rest of her!
Whats that accent? And it’s always the smoking hot that are trash
The old guy she married now is getting ripped.
I would say the Wife did a fantasic job buddy . That Moonscars is awesome you will defo enjoy it dude
That's how you know your wife loves you. She knows your backlogs and wish list. Mrs.RNG knows her man's taste.
And Cyngi on the PS5 has gone up to $200.
Cocoon without Wilfred brimley is wrong
At least your wife knows how to order games, I write out simple instructions on what website or store to go to, name of game , system, and a picture of what the game looks like and my parent is still puzzled and just tells me its to difficult even if I send her direct links R.I.P
Some great picks there! I need wife like that too
You’re wife seems awesome! Lucky RNG!
My wife refuses to buy me any games, even when I give her a birthday or Christmas wish list .
No space stations involved with cronos  good game tho, very hard final bosses!
Definitely a nice game to partner up!
if only there was someone you could ask to clarify this entire mystery…
SMT, a bunch of horror games, Moonscars, and a game developed by The Game Kitchen? That almost sounds like your wife was shopping for my taste in games. When you finally get around to fully playing a mainline SMT game, you're going to be in for something special. Of course, as an SMT enthusiast, I do have a strong bias in favor of that series.
Slitterhead is one of those games I have multiple copies of brand new,  on accident.... but otherwise,  she picked up some good stuff man  .
When you name a show world news, you should cover the world. I never hear about Africa. I never hear about the atrocities or triumphs that are going on. And I guess Ukraine is not news anymore. David change your show's name to Partially, the world news.
Let's get back to that .
It's six seventeen p m
The plane just crashed
Washington state
I paid five dollars and thirty nine cents
It's going to land in about ten minutes
The plan is still in the air
A month ago I fix a little girl's heart , I was wondering how she's doing
Yeah, I'm Vibing a big plane is going to crash. Is 5:56?\n PM. I ben Vibing it for ten minutes now
Omg! I love the ending! Sooo cute!
Obama gave them one billion now they want 20 billion from trump
Chemicals being sprayed right now here in Modesto California,why can't this be on the News? The most dangerous thing in the world is chemicals being sprayed above our head and yet it's not being addressed this will get anybody crazy. So much videos being uploaded and yet nothing is being done yet.
I love the parachute ive seen this subject 20 yrs ago and it works but only on small aircraft if I baught a plane I would get the parachute option
5 of the glasses-wearing Asian guys got Stripped-Off Naked 100% full body and then they got Throat-Slit and Killed.!!!. . .
Let those fish swim in m hood
I believe half what I hear and all what I see in trump
Interesting to see how the infrastructure bill is playing out. At Syntok, we're working on visualizing the projected impact through AI-generated simulations.
Trump : Two weeks  two weeks will have a deal ,  two weeks
Why would anyone trust Trump? We ALL know he is a pathological  liar. He is intentionally manipulating the market with his lies and major news outlets seem to fall for it.
I'm so glad someone is calling out Trumps lies. Congressman and Senator  should learn from the Iranians not to backup Trumps lies
OOO WOW
These are the funniest American funniest home videos
Some of these are so incredibly old. The ice bucket challenge is like from 2015. New videos only…
<— Assaulting an Officer.
Am I the only one who visited here by seeing thumbnail
It's a hippo walk.
Who could straight go to the last clip and successfully paused just at the right moment
Eccidents are not funny
I try to pause this video on my phone but my finger's are giving up
5,,
This is the reason that the life of women is more shorter than man
These fails are hilarious
Every man wished they were tthe pole on that stool
The girl with the hole puncher stool had to be the worst
Last one
Guys wtf was at the end…
Karma for kicking trash into the water.
The chair one
W teacher
Aww why can't we bring back half mustache man
"Love the humor!  But for anyone here who uses memes to hide a heavy heart: 1 Peter 5:7 says to 'Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.' Jesus didn't just die for your sins; He died because He loves you. Repent and find real rest in Him. "
Creator name of the last meme bro
GUYES I SWEAR I DIDNT CLICK ON THIS BECAUSE OF THE THUMBNAIL
So many emotions would be going through my mind, i'd probably instinctively take a screenshot forgetting it's her phone....  Boom, Date failed, Womp Womp
the big stein
Mini slayers? Nah that's Special Slayers
Oh how could you read my mind on the first one i choose …. .. - .-.. . .-.try to decode it i bet u can without knowing morse code
Man see man click man wait man screenshot
So sad yet funny  Which moment made you laugh?
Russia is no joke scary
Just a mush of words
Hostages? I think you mean extra casualties
worst place to be hostage is russia, ask the last major group of russian citizens
bro wtf is he talking about
Aka another monday in the city
You guys believe anything as long as it’s on Joe’s show
Well, R.I.P. hostage from that theater.
What is bro yapping about
21 year old Kid, what ?
Why is Joe Rogen in the Oval Office standing behind trump?!???
Where were these so called journalists when the regime was killing Iranian people? Lyse Doucet is taken by Iranian IRGC to the places they want her to be and tell her what to say and what not to say. Really shameful. I believe she has received order of Canada for journalism integrity. . It is really funny. Everything has become meaningless in this world.
I will give $1,000,000 to Republicans that can back Trumps claim of Iran “closing the straits for years”! Go!
At least the world can agree - certainly bullish for equities.
Oh it's love alright
i thought *we* were cooked
So a 15 year old boy made this got it
NOOOO! Dr HOUSE AND DR COCKROACH ARE PLAYED BY HUGH LAURIE??
I was booting up siege right as this played
classic jt music
(Sending random emojis for no reason day 98) (anyone remember whne this was popular?)
Do it for the content ! We are so back
We  are so back
Stop chasing algorithms. Start building a brand that outlasts them. That's the Crescitaly way.
Eye level with the lens
Thank you thank you thank you for this content!
Start earning with viral clips → https://www.submagic.co/business/agencies?via=creator
Pls where can I get raw podcast video
You just got a new subscriber thanks man
Thanks you BRO
Welcome to the ultimate time travel experience, music lovers!
It is a true honor to share this 2026 Edition with you. I’ve spent countless hours in the studio making sure the transitions between the 70s, 80s, and 90s are as smooth as silk, so you can enjoy these legendary sounds without any interruptions. I hope this mix fills your heart with joy and brings back your most cherished memories!
Let’s start a conversation: If you could live in just one of these decades (the 70s, 80s, or 90s) for a whole year, which one would you choose and why? Share your choice in the replies!
Wishing you an absolutely beautiful day filled with positive energy and great music. Thank you for your amazing support—don't forget to Subscribe to stay part of our music family!
Nothing can bring wonderful memories in life than music and song. Thanks for the memories and know that this gives joy to life so often.
these tech YouTubers are crap! Why are they not reviewing non flagship devices ?
Very insightful message, really makes you reflect on life and priorities
Marqueef is just another fatiguer he sold wallpaper app for 50$ should be in jail criminal fatiguer
Nothing phone 3 heat problem solved please
can we get the front camera uncapped?  1080p ? come on man , thats the only gripe for me on my phone. (4a pro)
Your Company is a piece of Bullshit! ! "Next generation Company"
"Underestimating peoples intelligence is a loosing strategy this day and age." Have you seen our government over the past 15-20 years? People actually vote for those people in DC.
Your phone chips are worst for the value why? Latest strongest phone is using last year’s middle range phone chip why? This phone isn’t 399$ also your phones and other devices (such as headphones i mean especially headphones)in Türkiye  is expensive price to value is not  close compare to xiaomi AND THEY ARE NOT EVEN OFFICIALLY here I would like to see you in Türkiye like samsung(official seller )and I also thinking your concept is good but it is boring and portrayed wrong! Did you ever think making buged-mid range gaming phones ?
I don't care what other people say ... 4a pro looks good in my hands... & I personally feel its customised for me..+ it was launched on my birthday..I am completely satisfied and happy with it... It deserves my  So Nothing.. please keep generating more and more and more...
MKBHs thumbnails always look like he's a teenage girl posing for a selfie
Make a fricking laptop "nothing" we like to see a transparent laptop with glyph interface and this would be great to make a nothing ecosystem  #nothing we need laptop
Yea even I felt that camera image thing. When I click the image on screen looks good but the one actually saved is  and it makes me very sad. And I use my old note 20 ultra to take pics as it does a better job.
I suggest you to add an ir blaster it would be a gamechanger
Heyy nothing,, add nothing island in the upcoming update.....built different
1. IR blaster - it helps to control my AC
I have the nothing  Phone 3 since day one and i Love IT keep Up the good Work
Jamaica  Jamaica  full time we get our own Burn Equipment to save people lifes,this don't look good no sah, can you imagine you have two burns bodies to bury in this hard time God a God still
Good morning RNM.  Condolences to the family, so sad .
I wonder what defense the great Champagne is going to come up with to set the guilty free. These trigger happy need to be disciplined and understand that they have no right to use guns based on their egos. If they're not responsible enough they shouldn't have access to these weapons.
Good job
i liked the part where you edited in the clip @0:00 till @10:37
Welcome to the 2026 Mix of our favorite 70s memories!
I hope these unique DJ remixes bring a spark of joy and nostalgia to your day. It is an honor to reimagine these classics for such an amazing community. Wishing you all a beautiful time listening—may this music fill your heart with peace and happiness!
Which of these 70s flashbacks is the most unforgettable for you? I’d love to read your stories in the comments below!
Love it  thank you
Love you Baby girl  when I first had you 22 hours of labor  my first born
Love you Baby girl  when I first had you 22 hours of labor  my first born
Love you Baby girl  when I first had you 22 hours of labor  my first born
Love you Baby girl  when I first had you 22 hours of labor
Oh the memories
Someone tell me if there are more/longer Tech Talks if I subscribe to F1 TV.
highlight of the season for me so far Sam, absolutely hilarious timing
Scibby_abby_bits Tech Talk 34min. Nice  inny_bits, backy_bits
I always love his “Uhm… not that one” bits  25:16
It is not about ferraris turbo how don't you know that aren't you there with thses car irl
I don't think Audi and Mercedes are in the same category let alone rivals lol
Verstappen 9th in the championship
Sam and the F1 teams still working hard during the break .
Another great tech talk keep it up
3 thrilling Grand Prix?! They got to you too
Nah that wing provides structural strength  on that bargeboard to chassis suspension looking thing
What a great tech talk
"Rotisserie wing" is a more accurate description.
Being back the V10s. Just do it.
Great review Marques! Just got the Neon Neo with Touch ID and 512 GB. Where did you get that yellow speckled wallpaper?
cap lol, been following you and a few other similar channel’s for Years but don’t understand or value half the shit yall do for much of the things yall review  but I enjoy the content !
I guess for all those people that don't watch these tech videos and don't care about 8GB or brands, they're happy just buying a cheaper laptop for YouTube, surfing and emails
Apple is declining
Real question is can I run sims 4 on this ?
Advertising Neo for writers when it doesn't even have a backlite keyboard which 70% of the writers use..
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR SHARING YOUR TECHNOLOGY EXPERTISE because the information you gave us & how you presented it, help me to understand what I need to buy! I know WHY I wanted to purchase the Apple product, but not which product was BEST tailored for that need. This video is so helpful!. Finally, I want to let you know that I prefer watching your tech videos over others because you make everything easy to understand for someone who is not so tech savvy. Have a great rest of your day!
Cutting board for grandmas hehe
Hold on seriously there’s a game that you can power wash stuff
If the laptop shutdown, and i charge the neo, how do i know if the laptop already full? No charger light indicator like green/orange  please let me know
Would the m5 air clear case fit the neo? I’m having a hard time finding a clear case for it. And I know they’re not recommended but idc I want to put stickers without putting them ON th machine
I mean it can play minecraft, and that's good enough for 75 percent of people
Great video! Love the rating system
Very good video, with the addressed categories of customers at the end!….just disappointed to be under the ‘grandpa’ group
I'm never going to the moon
Gargantuan CATFISH:
It's perfect perfect Everything
*Click now for guaranteed laughs *
The moment that stuck with me the most was that guy taking an unexpected tumble by the creek
I thought I could handle it but I lost it halfway through  this one is too funny
yeah this challenge wins again
This is not funny but painful
Finals like this are why we love football — pure drama until the last second!
i stoppped at a green light watching this
Bhikhari-kanglu bhai bhai
wala crazy tha bhai
So what????????
ANG SARAP MAGING MAYAMAN OR KAHIT ISA NALANG AKO SA NANNY NI MADAM LAUDE
Lagum daw
madam small looks so much like a chinese fairy goddess
How’s the Lagum Lotlot
its so nice and beautiful 20x
I will also visit El Nido, Palawan on my next trip home to the Philippines. Thank you for your vlog and for sharing your travel experience with your family!
Hi! Im new Subscriber watching from Las Vegas! Cheer’s
Watching from Florida for almost 2 years na po
I enjoyed listening to lotlot
​@SmallLaude baka sakali po makahingi skin care hehe
Thank you that was a fun watch  lagum
Wow im enjoying watching tita small ofw here in singapore
Mga ginagamit ni Ma'am Small na shoes or sandals laging nasisira.....matagal na siguro po na Hindi nagagamit..well that what makes ma'am more likeable...so down to earth..and funny most of the time po
Love this vlog.. great choice of destination, a place that enriched my soul. Heard so much of the gorgeous Palawan..felt like I’ve been there now. Thanks Ms Small. Always enjoyed watching you, family n friends vlogs.
Let me get this straight iPad os 26 destroyed the user experience. It’s laggy glitchy and just not as responsive as iPad OS 18. My friends have updated their iPads are now regretting every day. I am still on iPad os 18 loving it  it’s so smooth that ios 26 is nowhere near .
Happily running Xbox cloud games smoothly
I have two of these, silver and blue. I gave the blue one to my girlfriend. She loves it. I also have two 16-inch MacBook Pros that are awesome, and I love them, but about a month ago I purchased an AMAZING iPad Pro M5 13-inch (along with the Magic Keyboard, Apple Pencil Pro and AirPod 3 Pro). I am absolutely in love and obsessed with this gorgeous beast of a machine. It’s perfect. It’s powerful. It’s beautiful. I am an illustrator, 2D animator, series fiction writer, narrator, music producer of scores, and video editor. All of this runs as smooth as butter on my iPad Pro. So much to the point that I don’t even use my MacBooks anymore. And when I try to use them, it feels like going back into the dark ages; it feels this way with my 11-inch iPad A16; it’s fine for browsing the web, checking emails, and listening to Apple Music, but it’s a toy compared to my iPad Pro. I never watched movies on it because it’s just too tiny. I watch all of my movies now on my iPad Pro. This TANDEM OLED display is out of this world. Once you go iPad Pro 13-inch, everything else just falls short, and the screens look washed out. Oh yeah, and as far as Apple Intelligence goes, people better not sleep on it because I feel this upgrade is gonna be good.
Great video  love the A16 iPad
Tell ya AI Bot to walk 30 miles just to knock on ya ex wife's door and tell her to go f*ck herself.
I know I bought a Hummer and I was not expecting any thing to sound cheapsupposed to be built as good as a suburban, don't you think?
Tin foil hats on sale soon
Digital daddy would be a great name for another AI app
I got an idea why don’t we stop building it. .  I know I’m crazy.
Anybody else remember the video from almost 10 years ago of the time traveler from 2050 that said trump would be the last human president then ai would be president after  this was like during Trump's first term I have scrub the entire Internet to find this video and no matter how hard I try I can not find it anywhere
I see everybody worry and scare of AI. I dont get it, if AI becones a treat, can you just power it down? I dont know  stop evolving this thing. In addition, AI just copy doesnt make anything new, we already have nuclear weapons to destroy any material and melt it, nothing can survive any of the weapons we have. They are talking non senses here. AI is just here to replace humans in the work force. Period.
Imin a couple of years     ...... no try 3 months . And its coming no matter what
Blockade Iran ships and expect them to just open the strait?? how does that make sense?
Victims of stress and/or of ptsd and need this relief! Please dont f this up with our 2a or that makes a new democrat weapon they will deploy to discredit you much love travelers
i was right... Iran cannot be trusted trump was fooled again
I think it's just a big game ! Iran making billions fram oil !!. America can't make it's mind up  !! It doesn't matter Iran will be stockpiling weapons because of what the charging for oil .
You still winning,aye,you got all the power aye donny boy,yes little convicted rapist boy,biggest LOSER ever
Is the straight fighting war with them let them come out and fight
up iran
. But we're talking making good progress and O ye they closed the straight of Trump again...but you know they have nothing....we're talking you know....... Things are going well....and ye they got cute shot at a few ships and closed .my straight again...... O and their makinga movie it's called Top Gun 3. I'll be In it you know...because they've asked me ... It's a very important deal.. we'll make it work you know.....
1:25  America Sweet outside itself. Iran will never fold. They’re theology and culture forbids submission to anything but Allah. We know it won’t fold. It’s only One Solution. A Nuke. But the theatrics is what keeps the people’s money. Theatrics. And small strikes.
Fox News AKA "State Regime Media" pretending that Trump is serious and has any clue what he's talking about!
Republicans want back the democrats deal
Oh, big surprise here!  Trump has no clue what he is doing with  Iran. Where are the military vessels Trump supposedly left out in the strait in case this very thing happened?
Iran can close the straits of Hormuz at will? Stronger than USA?
Trump claims a false victory every Friday for the sake of the American Stock Markets.
I guess Trump was lying again about being in control. He’s not the shot caller Netanyahu is. Iran is telling Trump. Trumps begging for another ceasefire. Gee I wonder who’s winning
Trump is a moron and a loser.
This worst of the worst troublemaker, Don Quijote Trum
Not as cute as Donald
That my big brother he always play game on his friend
Did anybody hear ow ￼
boe is busy playing video games and not going to sleep.
why the f**k did boe do!?
See, I want to be like this with Fallout 4, but unfortunately I also got classes, family care and a job
Me in a nutshell
I would be respectful to the Sandman
Bed “but I’m busy” oh come on the game will be here in the morning “you’re right I’ve been up all night being in bed is really comfy”
Me with Pokopia.
Bro we need sleep for energy
MR SANDMAN BRING ME A DREAM
Boe has enough of sandman
I like the last one because it so cute
This is really funny. I’m just a kid. I watch funny videos, but I watch Muslim videos.
The last one was so beautiful
The jg was the
funnnnnnnnny
I like the song that Grandma sing that
THE 2ND ONE I THOUGHT IT WAS HER REAL FACE!
the Grandma
This made me tear up!!
The grandma's face is priceless
The voice is so cute
Love it,s
The hungry grandma
Number 5 was than
I wish my granny was like this
Bitbit bit
The states in hangry was so funny
Fuck nah
Who watches does yo hama were u going .to get pizza
Arent Grannys Toes Just So Yummy?
it`s so funny
This made my day. Thank you! Very beautiful
I got pink eye this morning
Ive stayed home from school for 7536764568326763658466547536377483838383848488438 days js to game
How your eyes red that painful
Bro awakening the shirigami
the t hockey
Well, if you washed your hands after taking a DUMP you wouldn't be in this situation!  Killed me
You going to school today boy
What
The way i have 2 red eye
This is so underrated
Ithe song
Sign up for the Launch of my NEW Gaming Mousepads! - https://elevateculture.co/
8 dollars above our budget
Can you please buy me a PC PLS I play games on my laptop and school work It lags my whole game Please buy me a pc PLS PLS
Respect
GeForce NOW ? This video is a wifi test NOT a gaming test
Can i pls have a xbox series s
Vermax could i get a pc it doest have to be that good just atleast better than my chromebook im really trying to get into game but my chromebook ist the best for it. love your vids
Day 2 of asking vermax to 1v1 me n valorant for a pc
didnt u buy this same msi thin in that temu vs tiktok shop video ? why buy again lol also the laptop which lost that challenge
Day 5 of asking vermax for the 1 star temu pc cuze its better than not having one
Please give me a gaming pc
This is a cool comparison
pls ive always wanted the mac neo can i have yours pls
Day 1 of trying to get a PC currently running games on pure imagination
FINALLY, another rare honest non-bias proper review that includes the Macbook NEO
Yo Vermax when you do any giveaway or just wanna sell a bad temu PC can I have it please  when I grow up I wanna become a eSports gamer but I don't have anything to play on
The fuck is Charlie on about
Confess, which moment from the video is your story?  Write it in the comments, I read everything! And don't forget to subscribe to the channel, there's only the most relatable content here!
, ain't no way my cousin is here bro
broo
is definitely me
Ok you cant lie rn she is being a bit too much. ‘ oh ur just jealous ‘ im not. She is genuinely being too much. Waving her hair round, laying her head back in front of a bunch of other men. Bsfr rn…she is NOT the ceo or smth bro . Yh im prepared for the toxic blinks to target me but idrc im just stating the truth
what happened to bros outfit
Ohhh cool
It's real bro
This how it be everyday when this one girl walks into class during 2nd period, she be spilling some interesting tea that some ppl just didn't even wanna know..
this whole video is so real
how are they so chill wit it
frrr I went to cooking club with my bff and they let us eat some of the ingredients w school lol
Antonio's "Wi-Fi was lagging" (20:02-20:05) and answering 36 in English class is a classic.
they would always move my clip down for "not focusing" or "making a distraction" (stimming) and it turned out i js had undiagnosed ADHD  still not properly diagnosed because my mama kinda sucks and refuses to take me to get a diagnosis because it's "too much effort"
once I got a class with ALL of those boys, like- they would be screaming across the class throwing/stealing, when it was group work they have two groups they go into and they always put their group right next to where we always put our group so we never do our work
The moment i realise that what will it feel like what it feel be in highschool-middleschool. Vro the math gonna change-- I LITERALLY GOT A D ON A TEST- anyways time for more suffering!! Two more grades then i move in into middle school  MORE SUFFERING!!!!
the only reason I go es just to pass school
real we never egt to do this anymore
Me having my DEAD@SS, crusty tangled hair like the movie TANGLED , is clearly itching me
I'm just here cuz I got my tiktok acc deleted PLUS I BEARLY USE YOUTUBE..
nah but then that sometimes ask what your answer was
i know that girl and her older sister they got kicked outta my schl for fighting....
So funny and Jesus loves you all so so much!!!
This whole thing made me laugh
And then no one laughs 11:45
my class went silent when my math teacher got into an argument with a student and it was crazy
lol once I said this an the teacher said "erm I'm I mandated reporter I'm gonna have to report you "
HELP MEEE
That’s Soo mee21:01
how did u get ur ears pierced in class
Perfect for highschool tmr
nah thats so fr
thats why to relatable
my back is broken
fr they try to be cool like
im that slow friend
Haven't subscribed since December
Daemon always brings his best news anchor face to this show
Really not missing GP, at all. Last time I had it was for OW2, before that was Exp. 33, won't get it again now until Fable...not really missing it either...just got CD, so, I'll be at that for a WHILE yet (at least until Fable/GTAVI)!!
Make exclusives that people want an xbox to play. I bought my switch because of botw. I bought ny ps4 for hzd and spiderman. I bought a ps5 by mistake.
If companies scale back on Greed and push more for consumer friendly ideals they would make more money over time & even if Greed got them more, it isn’t worth the downfall of everything. We are talking about Gaming coming to an end, Let’s fix that “Gaming”. Let us play for free and have more money to buy your products!
I really really hope and pray that the game pass on Xbox will decrease..
The CEO should look after her supporters and the Xbox lovers really..
I guess I misremembered or something
Murdered by cop
May she rest in peace
Please God give her family strength
Who the hell does he think he is  she can smoke cigarettes in her car
Her hair is flowing back, it seems shes not alive in the picture at all
Her FACE is very STIFF.. Around her mouth. He street slanged.. I WILL LIGHT YOU UP Her head is tilted not straight, her shoulders are slumped under that shirt that has been straightened out too make it appear her shoulders are back. Used whatever was used to make it appear as if she was standing. Is this the young lady who eyes were glued open..
I want forget at all
Also how come in all the videos you can’t see anything inside her jail cell after she went in there and I believe they also moved her to a different jail cell
How would that tiny plastic bag hold a human until they’re dead but they rip as soon as you put garbage in them  I never believed she killed herself. I was in a jail cell for a few hours one time and I cried so much even tho I knew my husband was coming to bail me out of course you’re gonna cry in a place like that. #SayHerName she’ll never be forgotten RIP Sandra
They took her out and it's really messed up because this is a situation that was more like this a really good person that was just having one of them Day where everything going bad and your doing everything you can not to just snapping out and flipping out and then HERE comes some one with a lil authority and just pic the right person to Just mess with and for her it's more like here last straw and he said get out I'll light you up and it's poor word choice by a newB and she wasalready at her boilng point and now they had to cover up the snowballed situation this is sad and even worse it's happening more frequently these days  open your eyes world
Reopen the case or GOD will. I promise. See in this life, u might get by, but u definitely won't get away
Look guys I am NOT running away I posted this for fun? Bro u guys are thinking I will run away I won’t I promise, I like my family and to whoever is doing this be carefull i am not telling u to do it, ur choice but be carefull
I would do it but im broke as hell
WHY U GOTTA TELL US THAT?!
Can someone explain to me why in the last vid they seem so happy? (Not hating just asking)
This is sad, cruel, and crazy
“I brought twelve hundred thousand ”
The first one was fake as sht
Why is their a knife
My family would just cancel my phone plan or track me... (My parents are actually abusive and dont give me money and won't let me leave my house other than for school....
I don't want you to show or tell me EVERYTHING you do you don't have to show or tell us that
Once I ran away from home I failed I was a child and at school my friend and I was planning to meet up and I would live at her house I actually ran away but we live far away and half way through I got caught by my dad
Littlerunaway.0 is so obviously in her backyard
It's crazy that the fact the girl was on vacation
The first vid NO SHOES? WTH ARE WRONG WITH PARENTS
that is not PEE
No way the first one actually moved out
Lan bunun neresi ofsayt???
is me  my daughter's father gets mad at me when I do things like that
The athleticism at 20:07!!
damn I wanted to see how she got out.
LOLOL, not the door slamming shut as she takes the package
I've never seen lawnmower just explode before
got me in real tears
The legs coming over there head as she fell and then said AAAHHHH
First vid....Heathcliff still whoopin @$$
That poor dog tho after the tree fell  wow
reminds me of the scene in Austin Powers
Move..or lose some weight or GET OFF THE PHONE
the look of that cat is hilarious
the dog getting caught up in the fence
@ 16:14 The BEST part of the video
meanwhile moms over here stroking out on Valentine's day and you letting her die
lol  scared that rat to death
I love how she was mindful of making sure she didn't burn the ladies hair off her head
bruh dudes gonna get home and wonder why the heck his garage door won't open
I have a stripey Kitty named Chikin too.
I mean come on how many of us are gonna slam head first into our doors like that  and be truly ok
I believe the repo ppl will be out of a job. Ladies and gentlemen, the self repo technology of the 21st century
The girl that dropped that pizza was so high
The little Asian baby taking the seats
I hope he didn’t hurt tht dog
Its literally raining cats and dogs
I came onto your channel by accident by my god I've not laughed out loud in a long long time frigging amazing I feel bad for the reasons but I love every single part of film
pup like you fawkn lying  im outer here
The way this guy ricocheted off that little door
this has been me for 10 years. Life be poking the bear.  im not alone.
Who needs AFV on TV when u have Security Camera Fails on YouTube
Them stairs gave it to that girl in the white falling down em LMAO
The lady popping the ball is a psycho
@5:02 “Is this chicken?” Depends on where you’re from…. Could be
When Amazon accidentally send you the same item twice
£1000000 for the doctors
Such a simple idea but executed perfectly  I make similar stuff too, still learning
Try not to laugh
I can't stop laughing at this! Pure gold.
I give everyone likes and no one likes me, it's so sad.
Rizz em with the tism
The look of disappointment on the other guys face with the ice
Try not to laugh
Try not to cry
R.i.p
Yeah bro, actually why are you being a kid with a ball? lol i’m tired. just kindergarten didn’t laugh, but this fucking yeah as you see that cuss word just ignore it. Just ignore that cuss word.
Try not to laugh
Try to laugh
Try no to laugh
Try no to die
I don't find that funny, I am sorry, I just don't think those things were safe especially throwing that brick on the trampoline and why lift weights while jumping on the trampoline? That just crazy *not in a funny way, but extremely concerning *
Last guy is
The little man getting knocked over into the puddle.... I almost peed!
What the heck this number 5 and 1
Stupidness in not funny
Where's Xiaomi 17 ultra unboxing
I want you telling , it's the best camera situation here
You should try the A-map in China. It’s incredibly precise and takes you around with ease. Way more advanced than Google Maps or Apple Maps. It even syncs with traffic lights in real time – it’s crazy!
Thanks for Bhai 10 subscribe complete
It’s a BUY  for me
Might as well stay with the Devil I 'already' know, come get me Devil.
May this song be a gentle prayer that brings God’s peace, comfort, and hope into your heart.
God is good amen
Love the good,Jesus, and god but this is ai
Thankful for His love that heals and restores me
Thankful for His protection over me and my loved ones
This song glorifies Jesus and spreads His love everywhere always.
She. Is preyeng to God
good  use of ai
Hallelujah Lord Jesus bless your  holy name
I wish that happened to me
she poop ? so funny
I farted at the same time he did
Eww was so gross he wiped his poop on his cheek
Whata hell
This guy.     disgusting
When you first day of job you have a stomach ache and you want to fart like your poop come out
Bro actually poop in his pants congratulations bro just put his poop on his face that's crazy imagine his dick on his face
Here 20226
happy tree friends
if das was me i wil  bi
"  once again thank you for lifting my spirit i am still working out on my abs .... i am still laughing so  much ...... Boa Sorte "
That’s….beautiful Katie
OMG that was natural
Are you not even I don't know it's not natural
He pooped in his pants like funny
I will cry if that was me
Need me to help yall make a baby invite me
Rest in peace to my dignity it got hit by a bazooka
I hope he takes the lid off first
My real curiosity, what exactly is pg13 things?
Bro said that so confidently
The person eating mayonnaise be like
he no snitch. respect
Me when my teacher asks me a math question but I wasn't paying attention
At least he admitted it
What the hell nahhh bro
generally feel bad for him.
Does bro know what he just said or what
What does bro mean by pg 13 things
Not me laughing before he said what he said
thAts super sIlly
I do pg.13 things to jars of mayonnaise
When it "sped" by
bro did the my little pony incident
Jars of mayonnaise got me dying
"I do pg 13 things to.... jars of mayonnaise!" His mum prob be like"hun you sure you wanna do those weird stuff to the poor mayonnaise
Why say that the most random thing im am surely and truly traumatized until the end of my dear life bru
He might have a condition so stop bullying him cause it might be something he can’t control
Bro I’m SO glad that this is AI!
And on live TV too
Gazab
it's been 3 years hahah I'm late
How should I tell about this………
First one is soooo funny
The way he did what’s so funny. I couldn’t stop laughing about that.
THE LAST ONE
3 was funny
2nd one was too adorable
3 one
God is good  Repent and turn to Jesus  None of us know the day or hour. Choose Jesus today.
Man he made mine day happyhe hurts his self to make us laugh and happy in 2021
Who is watching this video in the big 26
I was watching this guy during when the sonic movie came out the first one back in 2020 this guy is much childhood so funny
I feel bad for this man
He's so funny
why is this bro so funny
One two puppygo
Not the brick
Nice bro
Your the funniest man
For some reason it feels like you say meatballs  not trying to be mean
Frozen in the snow
I think bro is possessed
You are.    Sometimes
The drink in his nose  was funny
it is so. funny
He all did this to make us laugh
Terraria when there is bedwars
Its good until you get a wife.
Bro latency for controller or keyboard be skyrocketing
holy inputlag bro
Can I have the popsicicle pls
Bro's boutta see the top of wall of flesh with this one
Please carter help me out with a gaming pc
Pro get the pc off the rug
Back in my day (2013) tvs were 1080p 60hz and monitors were 1080p 60hz  people didn't use tvs because they just didn't like it after trying it
Back in my day (2013) tvs were 1080p 60hz and monitors were 1080p 60hz  people didn't use tvs because they just didn't like it after trying it
Nah imagine fighting the nameless deity on that
And there is just nobody talking about latency...
They all went to the same Cameraman with Culture school.
That first girl / kicker soccer athlete…. That photo should be on the cover of LIFE MAGAZINE
Is it any wonder why ever since high def TV was invented, women’s track and field suddenly jumped way up in popularity?
The good Lord knew exactly what He was doing when He created women
Beautiful.  The cameraman definitely deserves s gold medal
Strong and beautiful woman amazing.
All gorgeous but that  first girl with the leg mussels killed me
Ingrid, I recognize you among millions
Dats extremely low mileage but looks finger licking good
Must've been the wind ahh move D-wade
Westbrook’s reactions are top notch
West Brook His face reaction cant hold my laughter
Shiny and Big
Haircutz mad work boss
Wade knew exactly what he was doing
Russell Westbrook at the start
Who else here just cause of the thumbnail?
What did John legend's wife acting like d wade finished on her chest. Crazy how people view athletes and celebrities
Last breasted hen from the market
Woman looked like she just got a golden shower
What's my favorite thing?
Is that sweat or nut... either way she loved it
Ant was flabbergasted
The look on Westbrook's face
Hell of a clickbait. Got my ass!
Westbrooks reaction to the fan flipping him off
These players can illegally bet on games but god forbid fans boo them
See where the crowd at the masters get it from
Must be some Toros in the atmosphere
4 VS 1000
mr beast  I need to a gaming my phone is 2 gb ram 16gb  rom 8 year old pho my family is so poor my family no afford any more money I need your help
Ithink chandler is noob
immediately thought technoblade would be there
If only technoblade was alive to join
That was insane
The action fighters, many players and good atmosphere
Y coldi?
I do this with my friend
We should bring this back
That Not Very nice  >:(
Bro I have been waiting 2 hours for my Mickey dees
I'm honestly blown away by how much I enjoy this
Why does the 4th one look like my old friend from school
that’s why my mcdonald’s be takin so long
Did that to my crush and he was blushing
This is honestly making me sad because the guy I liked said he liked me too and then goes and hooks up with my best friend
What's the name of that song?
I miss this dance
What song is this ??
They are doing good for the tiktok high school couples how cute
I did that trend with ma BF
Who’s seeing this in 2026
Yo I need that
My phone was at 70 and now it’s 3
Love this edit
I don’t have no one to be my boyfriend
Not the McDonald’s workers
The second one was so cringe
Bro, it’s not even making me laugh
The fart sound killed me
4 th become harry nohara frim shinchain
The forehead of that girl
The last one got me. I thought she was mega mind
Stop ittttttt
The first one
THE LAST ONE
omg  1 so Funny
U can make how ever much fun of other people but not Taylor!!
1 got me dying
guys dont know how funny  this shit is at 3 am
The fifth and the fourth got me rolling
The last one oh my God
Why they gotta do the last girl like that
This artist is on his way to being the most feared artist on YouTube
Why does the last one look angry?!?!
Last one is ksi mom
This is a hahahahahahhahha
Awwww the cat  one was just tooooo cute
The last one was megamind
please stop it you're doing it too much
Disrespect on this guy cause he violated and bombshelled that cat
What is that second one
I think a pardon usually covers 1 crime not 11 years of criminality  the Democrats are all hypocrites they, steal, launder money, commit tax evasion & and half of them are in the Epstein files but wanted trump jailed for life for a booking violation
track Is'ra'el Epstein lobbies support Zionist Evangelical groups in Brazil now.. by the money and souls of the people
9 of the 12 NYC detectives that viewed the contents are no longer with us. The folder marked "insurance" had stuff about Hillary Clinton, enough said.
Another branch off State tv. Of course, all you herd is negative about them
Republicans are just like total morons, only without all of the intellect
In The Land Of The Brain Dead, The Half Wit Is King
You kidding this is Tremaine Edmunds Terrell Edmunds
It was nice to see a christian-based video! I love Jesus, he is so sweet !   this was such a nice video it made me want to visit!  I live in the US just 15 minutes from Washington DC.  That place looks so beautiful I can't wait to visit.  Now I know some of the places to go to when I get there.  Thank you so much for sharing and I hope you make another video soon! You have to keep us posted on your progress to move back home!  God bless you!
Xara where can I get your Ethiopian dress? (My fiancé is Ethiopian and wanted to wear something from his culture) link of where to order it from please love you
I didn’t want this vlog to end!
Loved the vlog.....
The bride looked so beautiful!! Congratulations to your cousin
I saw a documentary about your country Ethiopia and my oh my. What a beautiful nature filled pure virgin land it is. I loved how I could feel the beauty and warmth through the screen whilst watching n u people r the most beautiful Africans I’ve ever seen
Your home country being mentioned in the Bible >. Such a flex .
Girl I'm Iranian and watching this vlog made me SOOO nostalgic. I have Eritean friends and knew we had some cultural similarities but I'm surprised to see this many down to the wedding traditions! Looks like I have to come visit Ethiopia
OMG I thought you were Eritrean and your Amharic is very good actually.I love you
You’re so beautiful it’s crazy… When someone else films you and captures you as a whole
Ohhhh look at you speaking in Amharic and everything
thats me honestly crazy seeing myself on your vlog after watching your videos for years, especially during covid. Just wanna say I am very happy for your sucess on Youtube/social media, I literally remember watching your videos and thinking you deserved so much more views. Also loved this vlog and how you guys made the most out of only 1 week!!
18 years , you’re visiting a brand new country!
I legit watched this video hoping it wouldn’t end. Literally every time the screen went black I was like “Sara no no”. But I can tell this was a healing trip for you. I hope you go back again. Byeee
I literally just stumbbled on your amazing channel and I just want to say this video was so wholesome and I am so here for ladies that embrace God and Jesus so authentically and effortlessly !
I just wanted to share this because going back to your home country, reconnecting with your people and your roots, even briefly, is so healing for the soul and for mental health. Your video really resonated with me and made me so happy!
I’m a big fan from Ethiopia! I’ve been following you on Instagram and watching your videos here. You seem really genuine, and I relate to you a lot since we’re about the same age.
Dream country to visit! My mum is colourist (grew up in apartheid South Africa) and she said I look Ethiopian coz my skin tanned while living in Peru. I could never have taken what came as an insult as the best compliment. I went further to tell her how I need us to visit Ethiopia to learn about ourselves and our faith. Girl, thanks for this video
I am happy you went back home and experience what our beloved country, momma Ethiopia offers
Coptic Orthodox Christian here! i’ve always been fascinated by my Ethiopian Orthodox brothers & sisters
Yess I'm so happy you got to visit your home country
How old r u anyways!?
I love that you still know how to speak and read Amharic, I loved this vlog , and do come back please
girlll I knew you’re Ethiopian and your accent is pretty good
Girllll Been Waiting For This
And GBY
This came at the right time. I’ve just come back from Ethiopia. My best friend got married and I’m already missing the country. I’m more than ready to go back. But I’ll settle for this vlog until I return
this warmed my heart! its been 10 years since my last trip to addis. the city has changed sooo much! so happy for you
loveeee the way Lia was staring at the baby omg
hey sara!! The feeling of going back to your homeland is just so heartwarming and seeing you going to ethiopia is making me tear up  I know this is a little off topic but i remember you trying out the beauty of joseon eye cream and i was wondering whether it was working well because i have dark circles as well and im really trying to find something that works. Love your videos
Finally postedddddd
Am I the only one who can't see a sniper?;
What? the voice starts playing THROUGH THE SPEAKERS?!?! what kind of black magic is this???
Was that John Cena?
Nah why is people using my oc for their thumbnail
Holy , what tf is that thumbnailI just want to see a normal random video , only I can say just what the fuck is that thumbnail , that’s why my sculpture is birthday cake coolkid because I’m going crazy now , my brain is missing from this thumbnail
Facts  I actually clipped something similar recently
Get out of here
she got her priorities
“I know you like me”
She so7nds drunk
“That’s content people wanna see that”  had me dying
I bet Harper already planned the wedding( jk ofc)
"Well how about" oh its about to go DOWN!
Well that was pretty harsh
“I know you like me” is crazyy
That's so funny  neither marveric has to marry harper
Bro she is serious
The age difference...
"Dont cut ot you know its true"
"I know you like me"
Me in second grade
Boys and girls it didn't cut
Maverick DiVoRcEs KiNzEy AnD mArRyS mE had me dying laughing
When Harper snapped her finger that got me cracking up love you, Harper
Kenzie and Harper are going to have a little talk after this
Dang Harper already got the hole life planed
No cause it’s giving Harper when she is getting her wisdom teeth removed
Getting second hand embarrassment
I see where she's coming from tho
Big respect from Pakistan
this is happening in India
These are the kinds muslims I can respect
Only two countries destroyed USA
PRESIDENT TRUMP:USA helping the real Iranian people and destroy completely Ayotola dictator REGIME,And Freedom for the Iranian people!!
Khan sir ,an intellectual person of India
Brother, you can do whatever you want, even if it’s distasteful—that’s your perspective. But when you mix truth with lies and give false international references about Sheikh Hasina, IT’S  WRONG . Why are you using fake information to question our sacrifices and hardships? THIS  ISN’T RIGHT.,
He’s l literate in real sense show he explained things in such a common man language is unbelievable
Go vot  four india congress and plz
Please  next podcast with dhruv Rathi
Raj Shamani channel after this podcast
What a rubbish podcast...
Population and Reservation is the worst thing of india
Farm aura by ceo " find in 2sec"
I get he's the CEO, but bro do have a point there
You see front of the phones then all phones look the same
Literally spot the difference at the same speed a neuron fires, what the heck is he talking about lol
Nothing can do cmf phone bezzle small
How can you say its a copy of the orher...you dumb....so do i need to make the dimension differentyou can never tell by just an inch or mm that they are the same...still you dumb
Should have compared charging ports.
My guy really shown two turned off screens and said "it's a rip-off of another" with modern phones
Bro literally you are looking like like elon musk only you have beard and you are basically a human like elon
Bro give up trying to hide it xiaomi gave up too and just said fuck it and went out with xiaomi 17 pro just do the same and stop pretending ur not copying
when you don't want to hear the truth and talk like what you are telling that the truth, you are in delusional state , and that when most companies either grow or fall to below ground
They are copies because they both have black screens
Everytime i watch something like this the nothing ceo is so cold with his replies
I love how calm his words are
Dad recognize the baby on the first glance
I'm using nothing 3A (pro) don't disappoint me I use 2 month salary to buy this phone
I’m 13 but apparently I’m in my grave…
i’m 9 years old but now im  dead so byeeeee
Where is deadmou5 strobe
2016 team
I know some from my mom
Buried or australian
am i really that old
I know all of them and I‘m not even 15
I'm 10 years old but i'm already buried
I'm a 10 years old
I'm 12 and I know the last song
am i the only one with a mum who goes as quick as she can listen to down under in the car
Actually, I sing in the bathroom because I’m shy very very loud I mean like a speaker that is very big and can even hear it in outer space that’s how I sing even very great even though someone is sleeping but I don’t care
3 is my fav and 2 and 5
I like them all
3,2 and 1 sooo good
3 and 2
Im in LOVE with the Nummer 3
Love all of these, they all have a great voice
Is it just me or is 1 lip syncing
4 one voice is so emotional
I love 5, 3, and 2 very much; they are the best.I think so, and I apologize if you, the reader, disagree.
Welldone Opposition in Parliament :
Good, morning
Im dying because i can stop launding.
( Subscribe for more  )
The order he did the years was so bad
Also the PS4 did not come out in 2013
nobody how this emoji got famous...
Now we call it eyephone
The Spinosaurus
What is year game bro you are sigma
Miku shot him even before GTA 6
Jesus Christ loves you and died for our sins! Repent and seek Christ! Read and pray! Prophecy has been coming to pass! The Euphrates river Is drying up, rivers and seas turning to blood, knowledge and technology is increasing, decrease in love and morals in the world, they're trying to change our DNA! We are in the last days! Jesus is the only way to be saved from this evil world and he is coming soon!
why is bro using ai to make vids
and I are going to the beach today and we will
Literal
Let me guess you bought the fakes from temu
wait that was the fake the whole time?
Bro is poor and Ricjlh at the same time
“Real vs Fake tech is getting WILD because the clones are starting to look so convincing you need a microscope, a degree in engineering, and maybe divine intervention to tell the difference  The way you break it down is actually life‑saving — from the sketchy build quality to the ‘why does this button feel illegal’ vibes. Fake tech really be out here pretending like it’s premium until it melts, glitches, or explodes on day three  This kind of breakdown is essential in 2026. Keep exposing the tech imposters
Can i be ur camera man?,
Can you give me real samsung s25 ultra for free i need that phone but not able to afford it
I have that exact same cable for the Samsung S25 ultra and I also have that same dyson real fan
The Samsung one was pretty good. I’m a Samsung user and I would fall for this falsification
Plz bro send me the fake one
Dyson really did the originals dirty.
Dyson lose all to their fake counterpart
Guys it's OK to bully me but on my mom's life my dog died
Can you do a compilation with only brush sounds please?
Uncle billllll
Nobody will talk about the fact that she said "good night...Forever-"
I genuinely love this outfit
name so rare that no one even knows except for my friends and family
he prob cut his head abt 15 times now or maybe the old guy is just cracked at cuttin hair
This is the worst asmr video ive ever seen I had to turn it off three minutes in. Dandruff asmr with lip smacking  who thought of that! Its a matter of preference but these specific mouth sounds make my skin crawl. Cudos to whoever likes dandruff asmr thats fine i just cannot see the appeal of dribbling sounds and dandruff searching. The miku asmr was amazing tho
DeviantArt gifs are something else, man
IM SO SORRY BUT I HATE THAT SOUND. I know hate is a strong word but im so grossed out.I don't really like uncle bill much either sorry
Love ur compilations keep it up and don't worry about the haters
I love your compliations they always have the best vids never fails to make me fall asleep
Ok, thanks.
just catch the damn ball
Who were those two when Hank Aaron was rounding second
My boyfriend doesn't like sports. I like watching them.
The double doink right after Jordan’s shot
The Catch...EPIC!!!!
Mark jogging around the bases with all that chaos in the background
This was terrible!
Two highlights in and  another EXTREMELY MISLEADING clickbait title ...
“Larry Bird stole the ball!  Who passes it to DJ, who lays it up and in!  OH THIS PLACE IS GOING CRAZY”   Unforgivable slight.
Steph Curry’s Olympic Gold Metal game performance anyone  I STILL have  goosebumps.
Ringo’s pick 6 against bama not being on here but some of the other moments being on here is crazy
What kind of people are gonna use this garbage
apple in the future: here's our magsafe magic mouse
Magic Mouse is a piece of
But the mouse looks good
Now they're probably building a version that charges wirelessly via the mat the mouse moves on to make even more money...
Or just buy a better one. Apple fans are just unbelievable
I like coming back to these videos to see how people complain and sway the markets. It doesn’t take long to charge the mouse and why couldn’t you wait or say charge it when you’re not using it lol. It lasts an extremely long time. It’s not a gaming mouse. There’s all kinds of grapefruit sized mouse out there for you tech wizzes lol. Legit complaining because the charge port is out of the way . It’s like the “Apple never innovates” line when no phone company has changed their design. Guess logic only matters on the keyboard.
Slippers
Why would you use it while charging be patience
How's Apple still standing is beyond me
Give a second I'm crolig my lash got me dying
Bro y’all say somethin funny
Hey, I don’t have a medical condition. Can I go to therapy? 12:00
My name is Rayana and I heard her say sponsee me Rayana and then I thought my mom was calling me but she wasn’t then I found out it was her
Cioqsvxsix I'm 6 years old t do you hack why do you hate Jessica so much Jessica is literally then just person in the whole entire town why do you hate it because because you don't like it being rude but it's not being good you are the one that's poor you just pretending like you're a legend and everybody thinks like Jessica's pool so you stop it old grand not going to like you I love your videos but you better stop being going to Jessica hoodie 8:06
Me,seeing the cheese it box on 4:34:
You are the best
Ive never heard her cuss before
You are the best youtuberrr
The pic on the front
The first on was crazy when was blonde too
I was laughing so hard that I almost had no air to breath
The one in third place should have went first
My heart started pounding when they said "diddy ome  on out"
funny
ARIANA GRENADE?!
The last one did not age very well..
Kids surprised by diddy
Diddy surprised by kids
Diddy do something to those kids
Amen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
Total props to the kid who said Ariana Grenade.
Diddy was literally excited
Nahh were diddy taking the kid at
Diddy was definitely more excited than those kids
That end was crazy
The diddy one was insane
Jade definitely sounded like Cat
Kids get surprised by diddy  diddy gets surprised with kids
The sheer horror on the last one
Ellen must have been in on this
Me: i’m surrounded by fucking idiots
Bro make a wish for diddy or tha kids?
Diddy come out ke
Bro, the end left me speechless
Diddy come on out! Bro got me laughing so hard
I'd also run if I were thereI don't want to be a mother tonight
Is insane
"Diddy come on out!" caught me off guard
beware kids get away from diddy in 696969m or you oild up
Diddy Diddy  Diddy  Diddy Diddy    me  like you did those kids like you dideld epsten
Diddy bro I feel bad for them kids hope the kids cam back home safe
Why do those kids know who Pete dizzy is! And why are they so excited to see him!!!!
Ed spice
Ed spice
Does this broadcaster not typically include batter information in the on-screen display?
I mean, for the opposing team's batter
Damn the Rockies jerseys r trash
Muncy catching fire
The Rockies lost before the game even started with those uniforms
Kim, I’m getting used to it
Dodger still haven’t lost to an NL team this season
I hope we don't jinx dodgers' 3-peat as much as we jinxed Lakers' post-disney championship
Colorado rocking the minor league uniforms
wasn’t that catchable
On  without Mookie
Rockies have always SUCKED !  Sorry to say - LETS GO DODGERS
The Boys in Blue scored early and often, in each of the first five innings, and Glasnow was excellent.                                                                  Let’s go DODGERS 2026 !!!
Muncy don’t do that shit ever again you were so much cooler before that
Finally another mint choc enjoyer, a true connoisseur
ooo i see you with your mans
when he muted it (don’t blame him)
Me tooo
i physically got up out of my chair walked away and said, "Theres literally no way, WHAT THE ACTUAL HELL BRO" im sorry man i really love liminal space games but what the actual hell is this game
Caseoh tweaking over this game has me crynin yo
this aint a puzzle game its a riddler trap
This game is literally Poppy Playtime but with no story, just puzzles and one random creature with zero backstory
Isnt this monster having the same jumpscare sound as Huggy Wuggy?
The devs genuinely had to make a puzzle update because they got blasted so hard for it being impossible
Was gonna buy it but I think your pure hatred for the game rubbed off on me
by no fault of caseohs own, this video was incredibly boring to watch
the ad bro
I was speeding it up and his laugh sounded hilarious, I was laughing so hard
Thank you for watching<3 I’m so glad you guys like my videos! Sorry I took so long to upload again, I’m a struggling college student and YouTube does not monetize my videos (… pussies) so sorry I took uhhh…3 years I was busy with college and mental health  anyway… I do these because I like making people smile for at least a little while so i hope it makes your day!
Also what videos would you like me to make in the future?
me in the near future with my own children
about 9:30 where the guy says "this is Roscoe made me cry. I had a dog named Roscoe who looked a lot like that, and we had to put him down
why was it sped up
Vine was funnier
really got me
dont go any further~
neither is amazon apparently
poor baby
the fact I got an ad right there
that's the most I've laughed in a while. My eyes are actually _burning_ bro
I never thought as a ppop fan see 1stOne here
why did it fall like thattt
oh my gawd this cure my fever thx
I'm sorry but the toddler launching the plate off the table as they were falling had me in tears (signed, a toddler mom lmao)
Bet you wished those keys
they trying so hard
$400 is definitely not budget
Single sim tray ? Sir you can use two sim cards if you just flip to the other side
I watching this video on a36
Thats my monthly salary
budget should be 100 bugs
Try a Redmi or a poco Phone and then lets Talk about Budget phones and their good value again.
You often get an SD card slot too when you buy a mid range device . Last time I bought a phone I got one imported because it was only available in the Asian markets. This phone was the Samsung Galaxy M62 (256GB/8GB +a microSD card slot), it's basically a repackaged note 10 with a large 7,000mah battery. The body is plastic though and while it didn't initially bother me somehow it's managed to get scratched while it was in a case. The camera's are ok but the 5MP macro camera is entirely pointless as you can often pick up more detail using the standard 64mp lense for macro shots although I do have a Nikon DSLR which I use for photography, which also I own a macro lense for as well as a telescopic lense and wide shot lense. The only issue is that I don't often carry it when I'm out and about.
I absolutely love that little creature at the end I’d like to have one
She sounds like those over powered remote controlled cars
So glad you posted. This was so uplifting
Good to see you back!! I was in Kyoto over the summer – wish I saw the polite welcoming dinosaur
I was going to make a pdf out of this debacle but when Texass relies on Seager& Eovaldi it gets too hard
Hahahahaha! Say good goodbye to 1st place Rangers! Soon you'll be in 4th place! This is great. Astrosforever
Damn that women’s voice is brutal… screeching something
The Oakland A’s win close games GG
Where did the A's come from?? All right, they're playing some interesting baseball lately!
me, my dad and my dad's friend was at this game and it was really great to see that Tyler Soderstrom, Shea Langeliers and Jacob Wilson were able to contribute for the win!! Plus, it was awesome to celebrate Jackie Robinson  LET'S GO A'S, LET'S GO
Noooooooooooooooo!!! The Rangers are no longer the best in the West. At least Jake Burger got another homer, as well as Corey Seager. But of course the pitching is what goes AWOL tonight. I don't expect every outing to be completely flawless, but we've gotta force the split tomorrow. It'll be Jack Leiter starting on the mound then, so hopefully he bounces back. Rangersforever
Wao What Is Man Wao...
Mr. Musk is always a legend
I saw a comparative comment here and I have to say this. Firstly, a truly wealthy person is someone who always thinks about bringing real value to others. In this world, there are always people who like to express their thoughts thoughtlessly. Who you like is your business because your preferences don't define them. You're here because you want to be rich, and people are helping you but what do you get in return? If you behave like this in real life, you'll be annoyed and disliked, and you won't be able to focus on getting rich. As in the video, give more than you receive
Clean elon voice for traning ai
Do your best to be USEFUL.
Where s Jeff. O wait otw 2 heaven
Before i knew Elon i never expected we think the same, but im not saying im intelligent. We just share the same point of view in Life. He's the richest on the planet whereas me is just a 20 year old college still confused,wondering,struggling and figuring how to succeed in Life . But i will never stop until ill eventually get there Oneday...
Brilliant
The meaning. Of. Life :  LOVE
I give it back
Great information
Interviewer does not have any emotions
My new  INTRO TRACK starts at 26:05 – tell me what you think!
Clock that tea girl
The lesson I learned from #2 is never please a man and put yourself through hell just to make him happy
Story 2 the dog thoin the back like yall see me?! This my good side! Look at me!!
Not me thinking the 2nd girls dog was a ghost
Gas station girl be talking toouch shit to everyone acting like she gonna whoop everyone ass. I don't believe this part about girl rolling down window and then rolling it back up in fear is WILD  WIND WOULD knock you out! I'm a female professional boxer and I sized her up on 1 minutes and when she runs her mouth to wrong person and she will, she gonna be humbled real quick
Me and the second girl have the same dog breed
The second girl, she deserves so much better!!! But why am I so distracted by her dog
Last story is crazy because the dad was in the wrong but then also why are middle schoolers wearing makeup?? Why is sooo many kids nowadays dressing / acting like grown adults? Why are kids not being KIDS??? I know I probably sound old but seeing elementary schoolers and middle schoolers shopping at Ulta and Sephora is appalling. Please enjoy your childhood don’t grow up to fast you will regret it.
the first girl that lady would need to stop because like she made sounds by banging on the wall in the floor and stuff so like… you also did not sound like you make sounds out of what you said because walking to the kitchen get water is not noisy. It’s just your feet something on the ground softly but if you were stomping, then I would also get annoyed about your neighbor, but like that’s so crazy she cannot be doing that I would call the cops like the second she does that and I would tell them like stop the tell her to stop screaming at me like that that should be illegal That should be illegal. Who knows maybe it is but I’m so sorry for you!
The story where she starts out talking about a red dress… Right when she said “what are you still doing in that store…?” i knew we were not talking about dresses
I’m sorry if you have to chase a guy he’s not the one for you
The airhead rambling about how she essentially stalked her neighbour to be, gossiping about the basic, boring information she got hold of (very little info, considering she declared herself to be an expert at finding people) actually said, with a straight face, that the woman had better not complain about her, BECAUSE SHE DOESNT HAVE TIME. Ma’am, that story time revealed only two things. One, that you have an incredibly high opinion of yourself despite the reality being that you’re underwhelming and not at all as smart as you think you are and two, YOU MOST CERTAINLY HAVE ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD YOU VACANT, GRANDIOSE, DELULU NARCISSIST
Girl you are not special All of us girls have gone through dirty ass, disrespectful drug out drugged up men hitting on us and not listening to the word no. So I hate to break it to you baby girl but you are not special
"i hate going slow" yet you keep talkinv when the story should be long done
*that first ASAP rocky album, w "distorted records" is a personal favorite of mine.
Girl he told you he couldn't be with you and then he ghosts you...and then you call him 120 times? Thats psychotic behavior... Got me wondering if he just lied about being muslim to get away from her.
What is with the exorbitant amount of times these influencers  use the word “however” it’s like they all took a how to be a super awesome influencer class and someone told them to use the word however every 30 seconds.
Why is the first story giving Me Heckles vibes from friends
For story number one: buy a glitter fart bomb sign her up for porn mags herpe  medication brochures etc
she's dumb as a brick  beauty fades dumb is forever
Story 2–somebody get little snowball doggy’s ball from behind the dresser!
I knew that was Genevieve from Dog With a Blog! The voice is iconic and the look is  wasn’t expecting to see her talking about a toxic relationship, though! Hoping her the best now xx
The sound of the heat ”cicadas”
Before my partner passed, he was involved with the most OUTRAGEOUS BEEF with his neighbors, MULTIPLE. Like stuff was  this freaking close to going all the way down. My guy was packin, a MF steak knife, to take the dog out, this was literally over normal neighbor beef but he was about to handle it lmaoooo
'IF YOU LIKE A BOY, GO FOR THE BOY'STUPIDEST ADVICE EVERRRR
Story #1..... buy some live crickets. Then either have them delivered to her house. Or create a nice looking package that will instantly release them once she opens it. The random sound for hours on end will definitely inconvenience her
The second girl and I lived a similar traumaI’m an Aquarius with an ex born the same day as that guy. girl, you’re seen
120 times?  that's..... a red flag.
Lol that girl on vacation not knowing what those noises were and her mom saying “it’s the heat”  lol what? It’s most likely crickets and cicadas making those noises btw.
That poor second girl no one deserves that
This is going to traumatize kids
Played it when I was a kid, was unphased
Name game please I wanna do a video about it
I having nightmares
Whoever is calling this a kids game is slow
That is not a kid game
Good ending just move the doll below the button
PLAY EXIBIT OF SORROWS ....
What’s the name I need to play it I like hope games
"She's getting stretched out."
Why tf do y'all call this kid's game like if you stretch or break the hand the blood can see and the kids' are frickin scared bruhh
"My go-to channel for every meal and every night. Can't sleep without it!"
So polski with metal gear oh no
Where are the people where they say they wanted a goth girl compilation
Then you lowk nuh in the trunk
Fire upload twin
When I heard it's Jesus say hello Jesus eighfhsbwnaisjdjfhqaaaaaa
Bro turned into spider dance dude 1 millisecond after birth
The last one
Arianna gernade  imagine if they pull the trigger kaboom
Last one said I like to move it move it
Billy eyelash
The last one caught me off guard
Mario was hitting the bad ass bitch pose
My friend asked me to recreate the last one I DID IT THO
“I sit here brokenhearted try to shit but only farted. But then one day I took a chance tried to fart and shit my pants”
Dude I can’t stop laughing at the last one
I can fell the sas from the intro
Number 3
Dancing spyder
That isn’t Jesus
I couldn’t with the last one
Sure do. Still one of my favorites  On my Playlist!!
Love this song!
Literally not long ago I went to therapy as my stress and anxiety got so bad I was becoming overwhelmed by fear just being around knives or seeing someone use a knife near me. Confronting what caused the initial stress, fear, and anxiety that brought this phobia upon me has been really life changing. Go to therapy if you can, it could save you from a lifetime of future fears that could stop you from living your best and longest lives
You are a gifted musical artist!
I been seeing you for a while and there's something about you that seems very  eccentric about u I like it.
This is the song that brought me to you   THANK YOU
Love this Song!
Your voice is amazing!
Love this song!
This song is in my top favorites
Sure do remember. It played from my YouTube playlist yesterday.
I love this song i have a full playlist of his songs
Yesss... Love this one
Definitely still I song I love and listen to regularly. Gives me courage, determination and energy in the mornings!! Thank you, you're music is the best and so relatable.
It's how I was first introduced to your insane talents! Still a favorite
Love this track
Yeah, it's my ring tone!
Hauntingly fantastic
Going to the a must
you serious
This is the island
that is so real
Finding a job ..
Number four got me dying
has also been
Funny
Is just me or where the first 2 AI
Look it number 4 cringe
When I was watching my phone drinking a drink I laughed so bad I screwed my drink out of my mouth because I laughed so hard
Hi and I hope everyone is safeAmen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
The guy dancing, I heard DAMN in the background!!
Why the 4 is horrible but funny
Number 2 is the best bro what the heck
The 1st one looks like my sister
The 3rd wanted to be a edit
guess what one is different
Dre her giggles are crazy I can’t even do that I will lose my breath
4.
Faaaa l love 4 is my favorite
Faaaaa l love the 4 is my favorite
The nice dance one at the doorbell when he was dancing, I heard somebody say damn
it’s so funny
Yall heared the "damm" when the guy started dancing?
number 5 got me dying
The 1 make me laugh a lot
That's cool I like them there pretty funny
Love this
That funny.
Ah Yep takes ya back to the Days off Yesteryear, an @ least 90% knew how to Burn up The Dance Floors compared to sum of todays people, not Only that  The Nightclubs Don't play music like they did Yesteryear all they play is doosh doosh ah yep musoff Yesteryear it was rather Cool Music ya cld get up an Actually enjoy dancing to
Are you the burnt peanut andrew
the best ever come back
I Bobby mom
This gets me every time!
That grizzly animal
The way his eye starts to shift inward before the camera cuts away is what kills me every time
Why did he look like the chiken from chiken run?
U guys do realize andrew wasnt actually mad
She's a beautiful woman
Bobby destroyed him with the first joke. Andrew had no choice
But red talks about Bobbys mother a few times.
Gingers can dish it but can’t take it!  Bobby mudda  is funny as shit though
She may not have deserved that shank&twist, BUT HE DID
My mom passed when I was 6, so I never really was able to find “Mama’s Jokes” funny….BUT WHEN IT’S DESERVED LIKE THAT….
My mother is pretty
Santino can dish it out but can't take it
I’ve watched this over and over for about 15 minutes
I come back to this any time I'm having a rough day
I love how you can start to see Andrew’s eyeball cross inward just as they cut over to Bobby.
caught me off guard
I’m Bobby mum
Quality
So funny how legendary this has become. Look up “seething” in the dictionary and it’s Andrew’s face after the insult to his mother. You wanna play that game? He went fucking full John Wick immediately
Your so f*cking mean dude.... bobby everybody knows gingers dont have a soul..
Ha
Andrew was giving him a second to retract that after the “really?”  then returned the fire
That's funnier than booby mum hahahahaaaaa ur sooooo mean that's ur skin cooler  bad guys looooool
i think the “unlike your cross eyed mother” makes me laugh harder
This might be fun my day
bro forgot to edit that
bruh wtf going on in Coronado?
*If Sex is so great why isnt there a Sex 2* ????
now this is finally racist enough for me  blees u child
19 comments in 2 hours? gng we r so dead ig
the parrot bit the guy's ear and it makes me laugh
Tomorrow is school again, imma install grok on all our school tables
The boy breathing smiling omg I omg I can t tack it I can't stop looking ate himmmmmmmm aaaa I a shy
Those boys are finnnnnnnnnnn
Who uploaded the video l wanna talk to the third Cutie??.. Anyone knows who uploaded the video cuz we need to talk
The man in the heavy breathing got me drooling non-stop
Bro that breathe is killing me
The third one be making me smile
Who is he
my in butterflies get me had one third The stomach
I love this song
Okay okay but the boy's smile is Okay okay but the guy's smile is so  My heart is swerving as soon as I see it is that it is so aaaaaa I like men with glasses and women with glasses are My heart is fixed as soon as I see it is that it is so aaaaaa I like men with glasses and women with glasses are so
Really seamless?
Bro do people not notice 1,2,and 4 are the same guy
Ohh My god his last smile
I love the heavy, heavy breathing
The last guy  and first one Awww
the 2nd one
The first one
The second one
The third one got me
The Third one had me Thanks
The first guy is so handsome
The third one
the third one is soooo fine
the guy in the suit with the neck lace was doing stuff....
Who's the dude
Honestly adding the girl in the video ruined the mood
Nate Crosiar is so fine omfg
Travel vlog with Hubby
If nag babasa po kayo ng books pwede next request is  book recommendation or bookshelf tour. TIA
What i really admire her the most is her compassion to the animals
_one of the most humble closet tour ive watched. _
hi nice to see you..im following you,1968 po ako..still  like you both ni Doc
Very classy ,soft spoken very humble c madam.
Simple and nice
Yeeheeyyyy nakangiti ako the whole vlog mo haha nakaka-aliw ka poh panoorin mag vlog
Bitin Miss Carla sana longer hehe.
Im really happy for you ma'am
I slowed it i think its safe
(Hope this helps)
Bro that's safe by a millisecent did blue team win
Are there any YouTuber products we missed that you want to see in the next episode?
why is nobody talking about this Apple roast?
pretty cool touch and many dont catch it
The calendar doesn't deserve that placement
Based on a video with Adam Savage of Mythbuster where the head of Hacksmith showed off a really GREAT pocketknife (and I collect pocket knives) in August of 2025, I ponied up $290 bucks to purchase a knife and support their "Kick Starter" SCAM.
Come on my man, that pannel app was dog shite and you KNOW it
a sub to the channel would be....  Man I miss these
You should make tech product
VPN are fake and if you think they protect you let's just say  they don't
This should be a 10 no if’s and’s or but’s
So I have to pay $159 to buy a keyboard that's already available on my phone with tons of customization? Bro, are you serious  What was he thinking while making this, and who the hell is buying it?
lol
not again wdym by that?
These kids are good, but the grandfather/granddaughter team ( or so they appear to me) has them beat 10 times over. They truly have it ON!! More, please.
Alabyu ivanna,will you mary me?
Ang Ganda Ganda Ng Lugar ni Alexis napaka relaxing at stress free.....haysss...... God bless you both and your family
cuuuute hahahaahhaa as a patay gutom i can relate
Blessed that kid soul, intentionally sharing his blessings not for clout but for awareness how joyful it is to share your abundance. Love that he cut his videos short sa part na kakain na ung mga taong pinadadalan Nia ng food, imagine you receive a free food with a camera infront of your face while eating the whole time. Love watching his videos
I really love alexis vines. He has a very pure heart
Thanks for visiting Alexis Vines Ivana and his province. Hopefully you’ll visit soon woth your mom and siblings. For sure your mom will love to be there!!! Alexis very respectful and kind person!!!
How to find best clips.
I rarely compliment a creator. But I'll do it here. RESPECT for the insights and not gatekeeping!
with best regards
This video was very helpful thank you
Thanks for this. Were gonna make you famous
Bro can I take clips from TikTok motivational accounts plzz reply me
This is so informative, thanks for this!
bruh this is rare, i love this brooo. you're motivating me more to do this haha.
First step get a computer
Hello bro nice video. But i have doubt. When you paste the link in that transcript website you can i just search the keyword that i what. ??? I mean how you just searched ?? That option is not coming in my laptop?? Plz
Nice video great work  ( Btw what's the name of that transcript website??)
How to skid a clip
Bro where's the link for the transcript please
Hey joe just wanted to share that you can use yt cutter to trim the videos. anyways great video appreciate it man
Sports can be thrilling but also dangerous. praying for safety and protection for everyone out there.
These moments left me speechless — pure magic in motion!
These clips are unreal—every second feels like magic in these sports highlights!
I wish I had that A.I. narrative in my life to tell people how I'm feeling
“A ghost starts answering their questions”
The ai commentary is just muah chefs kiss
who made this video bro the AI voiceovers are diabolical
“trying to make something happen” dude spilled the beans
automatically gets
A ghost outside in the day  you would simply think its a person  there is no suspicion through the day when its busy with people.
he said camp penis
I’m getting nauseated watching the videos of this girl climbing
Boom
Only trending  khesari bhaiya
I love akanksha Puri in Devi parvati role but also in  these types of role
Congratulations  you have found a golden chair
Rickroll is rickrolling us
Rick roll was made in Fnaf 2
I love that they haven't changed a bit
Bro get your ass back it been a year
where have y-you been sky its 2026 pls dont tell me youve quit
where is the "hehe boy"?
Dude where are you now all meme 2025/26 is coming where are you now
I love the old man dancing
Where are u sky
We miss you sky. Please come back. Is 2026 now
Bro remembered his password and then forgotten it again
Are u ok u haven’t been posting are ok alright
This meme is way too relatable
Hey u ok sky it’s already 2026 u haven’t post are u ok
Damn he ain’t have to come in hot like that lol
Caleb's shirt is a fucking fever dream
Have you ever been denied/questioned at an all you can eat sushi place because you and your friend ordered too many rolls
“So many food” got me
gamgam and peepaw (yk who's who) need to chill
Caleb is 100% my 94 yr old Southern Belle grandmother. She has said the following in her LOUD Southern drawl. Loud bc she’s deaf and refuses hearing aids bc she says it will ruin her image.”Sugah! Do you have yourself a man? You know you need to work on that. Do they still have ‘Honky Tonk’s’? You know that’s where I met the man before your grandfather. Maybe you need to find one, put on a little dress, and go out there!”
I see you got into glam for me is heinous
I just realized Caleb Hearon is just Cameron from Modern Family
Can’t stop laughing
he reminds me of cam from modern family
Honestly wish Bobby would’ve got up and punched that dude in the mouth I cannot stand that dude
I don't want any stinking Alphas. Bobby, you're always welcome at my house
The ending
I like the camera going to the guy laughing at the end
Lol a beta calling another beta a beta is comedic gold
I honestly think he's definitely the master of all the bettas......  Wink  Wink
Why is his hat built like that
Man I gotta watch the full episode
What is Iranian emo kid talking about
Bobby stooping to his level
I think the emo ear piercing strange accent unfortunately isn't the one going around saying Jackie Chan is a beta male lol  although I don't disagree with him in a way I guess it was intelligently comical the way he is so blunt and holds nothing back  I feel like if someone is going around classifying other dudes in the world that dude is probably insecure or insane i would like to see these guys in a full out brawl
That kid is now forgotten
Who the hell is this goofy ass kid?
Name 10 books!
Why does the kid sound more Asian than Bobby
What happened to Jack White and why has he age regressed on here is this AI
I love that kid that is so funny. It doesn't mean anything cuz I'm a beta saying it yeah.
I love how bobby just setting himself up for the jokes
Radhe Radhe
thike bhai
Please come to mauritius
Sorbjoosihe much good
Handwash bhi nahi kiye piyush ne chi .anyways piyush I need u for this task
New lafda unlocking soon with blue barrel
Meanwhile Muslims murdering Each chupkali for 300 Points
Why isn't lizard shedding it's tail  ?
Piyush the chipkali rescue
Alright so what had happened is that i meant to pick this up
Good this me bro
Bro needs to be in a band singing the song on stage
Bro the second one I said wa chin, and then I started laughing
#3 is the brother of ‘SPIRITS, WAKE UPPP!’
Number 3 should be a rapper for baby’s no offense
Yeah keep the song up
The 2nd one got me
The 2nd one made me jump
bro the number 2. i almost poop at my parents
1. Gets scare a little AaAAaaa
Bro I like that song but scary
3' is singing
That scream
2. My place my rulles ok
Number three is the most funniest one and I was just jamming out to it
Loving that beat number three
Bhai itna funniest moments the bhai
What video name is number 3 I’m curious now
“Motherfahahhhhhh” got me rolling
No.2 is "Don't worry, we'll be right back" ahh moment
It took way too long for me to realize he was making that sound in the beginning!
I can't stop laughing at the I'm dibiynajng to the beat and the all the memes ahhahahahaha they are all really funny especially number one scream
No.3 forgot he was in a horror game
My favorite song
Woww beautiful voice and  songs love it,�
listen to this kind off acoustic music..make me so relaxing...
Some victories don’t need an audience, and some heroes don’t wear capes; they are simply people like you — choosing to persevere when the world only sees silence.  Thank you for not giving up, because your very existence is already a gift.
If this finds you today, I hope you have a calm and beautiful start to the year , where each step feels steady and every day brings a bit more joy
“There’s something magical about acoustic music—it speaks when words fall short. Wishing you comfort, strength, and a heart full of hope today. ”
I clicked randomly and now I’m staying here for a while
2026 here anyone???
This made my day better
This arrangement is so tasteful. It’s pure ear candy!
Ggu Griffith well all all all we all all the LLC rn pic TN of rn of the day nla jewel sa simbahan tagolalo papa nmo ha ha Kay and fam me to get you something  me to do that too if you  me to get it for you permamentiha na na song is saying dic dicers me know when you get here to be mad not kind of diet routine is dis is not a good idea to get it done panlimpyo me know if you need anything let me know when you get here to be mad not kind of diet routine is dis is not a good idea to get it done panlimpyo me know if it's your day off na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na surprise  me know if I need to talk with you about  have to go to the bank to get the kids out of 3
listening this while working on building my yoga school @baliyogahouse wishing everyone has a joyful day
I think Ive fell in love
Rainy Days & Coffee captures the warmth of soft rain and gentle acoustic melodies. It creates a calm, intimate space where soothing vocals and simple guitar rhythms help quiet anxious thoughts and invite peaceful reflection.
what the heck sooo sooooofffttt
Love this female rendition of love  song...Sound relaxing..love it
How I wish I could here this amazing voice
Soooooo cool
The lady in the video is not really the one singing and playing guitar.
The artist’s voice shines so much in this acoustic arrangement, proving that sometimes less production allows the true beauty of a song to stand out more
NICE GOOD CONGRATULATIONS
4/4 I love that one
That baby
Last wala
Name for spary ?
The last one was my favorite
I felt that ass torture write through the screen
nice comedy
The scream sounds like the shooting sound
The firecrackers
The, babby
So funny the baby is food?
Funny video
Funny
This is girl veke but face the boy
Amen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
Bro the TechWoven has huge hole in it when he does it with knife
I dont think the cases are made for scraping them With knifes and hitting them with rocks
It’s not the most durable case, it’s the most durable Apple case. Big difference
Bonk
"I should get this Incase my phone gets stabbed by a knife and smacked by a rock"
there's so much solid proof and evidence that God is real and i am NOT forcing religion on you guys this is just an invitation like first of all: there's some quotes from some famous scientists and those quotes say that the more you learn about science, the more God's existence is proven. something like that and jesus died on the cross for OUR sins, and the penalty for sin is death, and we are all guilty of sin so jesus died so that we wouldn't be eternally condemned to hell. and to get into heaven you just need to have faith in God and works are the evidence for your faith and if you're struggling to do these things, then just pray to God that he may help you to do these things and His will be done unto you. and also read your holy bible on a regular basis whether online or the book itself. i hope i see ya'll in heaven. amen
Who is going to do that to there phone case just get a normal case
/e/
Who’s rubbing knives and rocks on the back of their iPhone case???  You gotta be more realistic!
And that’s why they haven’t made Fine Woven in a few years
Now with a Phone inside
My poor ears I hated the sound of all that
I have silicone
I love how you use the old glossy effect :)
So.. it's a toy companion with AI but if it's answering wrong, it's not useful even to give it to a kid for learning instead of a phone?!.. hmm.. most of the AI gadgets are just reinventing the wheel. I'm not trying to say something.. but there is a meme for the creators of Rabbit in this situation.. "Hey, you dropped this.. please use it.."
this mans had no idea what the iPhone 17 Pro would hit us with
So an iPod touch in a 3d printed housing and stuffed full of AI
Please re-review! I'm loving mine now! Coolest ai
So it basically does what apple AI and google AI can do, but worse, and you have to carry around and charge a second device?  Makes total sense.
The fact you seriously reviewed this scam baffles me even more one year later
This is legit no purpose of this. You can do everything and more on a phone
Well it’s created by teenage engineers. I’d rather get something built by university graduate engineers
There is absolutely no need for this product
Like who is this product for?
Number 1 lit sounded like Katy Perry
All were the best such angelic voices eeekk
The voice  There face
1 and 5 really won
Not the 5th guy singing "You and aaiiii" but still loved it
mom walks in
1  name is inki name she's channel
The first one is also sing you make me glow (heart attack)
The number two looks the same song  so amazing
Is anybody talking about 4 & 3
5th was dope
Nobody is talking about #4 her voice if you listen to it instead of her high notes it's amazing
Is it just me or does the first one look like dream-
Is no one gonna talk about 4?
Guys idk why 5 and 1 was so good to you guys..4 just is MWAH chefs kiss
4 should be number 1
4th is funny
Absolutely no1
through 2:24 got me laughing so hard I could not breathe
Edit: bonus one: 3:00 made laugh so much  my brother showed me this meme like 2 months ago and it’s still funny
Bro is too innocent  14:48
I did the same with mini cart in the store when I was 12, and I laughed, it didn't hurt at all!
this is worse than click bait
pov that one bro when he meets a woman
Hell Nah
replay at 0.25x
I would prepare too
bro bought the battle pass to make everything easier
I, too, watched how speed cracked cenat in the stream
" 59 : 37 "  how the fu am i gonna watch that much
I know bro is getting no spam callers on that prehistoric artifact
My ninja, it's just a couple bruhs bussin, nothing to see here.  Natty
bro is too innocent for this world
who's under the table broski
The video just started and I already started laughing
True 3:23
Can we plz take a moment to talk about this thumbnail
Clarification: The Amazon Dash (button) was not discontinued due to babies and dogs getting their hands on them. My wording made that seem like the cause which it’s not **more details below**
I want that will order 1tb of ram
Remember the iPhone 4
Not gonna lie fire phone was actually kinda fire
i never understood those buttons because i feel like that’s just a waste of money, no way you’re ordering the same thing from amazon THAT often. if you need a singular can of rebull just go to the store and buy a case. it feels like such a waste for the driver and for the person ordering to just press a button whenever they crave something. i feel like i buy from amazon once a month and it’s usually something expensive or something i need that would be worth it, not little red bull cans or chips. just go to the gas station on your way home from work or something
We have to tag @carterpcs to buy and review one
hackers and fbi gonna watch you in 4D
That looks like the type of scam add you would see nowadays.
POV: a baby touches the Red Bull button and it orders the phone that cost $649
nostalgia hits hard seeing these tech items
brings back memories of my first kindle
didn't know amazon made tech like this
i love how you get to the fucking point
Mans a genius
Ehhhh, what's up, Doc?  Next time, tty a .
... "hey, Gurl you Hungry?"....
With a straight face. He’s the best
That's"celleryious"  get it? Hilarious,celleryious.play on words that...sorry.      Nohe went that way telling bad dad jokes get him
No wonder he and Norm got along so well.
The tape worm asmr
Wait a minute I know him isn't he he state petrol officer from dumb and dumber movie  the piss Drinking scene
How is joe a comedian and not follow what Harland is doing
Dude made shit up just to sound interesting on a podcast
Hes that one guy who never has to take drugs because oxygen gets him high
OMG. I have a tape worm… i love so much celery since like 2 years!
The funniest part is that he actually does have a tape worm but the vibration thing is pure bs
Jesus will forgive you all if you turn to him with a repentant heart and a want for change
why is this so perfect tho
Those who wanna crack lucy loud
This is a fantastic tournament. Ireland  from beautiful Galway ,brave Italy,but superior
51k likes for 50m views
Day 18 of asking for a laptop  (check my email I sent you)
Day 17 of asking for a laptop  (check my email I sent you)
Thanks for the video
The only way I could do that was if you had to do a little more work and I would be happy with it but you have a
It basically passed already
Lol, i did not know you could comment on ads now
I could never
This guy said “it’s basically the holidays,” LIKE ITS NOT CHRISTMAS EVE
yeah if i had infinite money i would "gift myself" those things too
It’s basically the holidays already it is the holidays already. It’s four days until Christmas.
I heard iPhone  because when you put your phone in your ear that sound iPhone
Guys my name is “como I have to to get my car back to my car so can I have your your number so we could chat and and get some information information about your vehicle please and thank ye ye I will get get it to my friend I will be in touch thank ye bye love y yo love  bye love y you guys bye love y all bye love you guys love y all “
Thats my name bro
Lollllllllllllllll  ok ok i will stop  (continues)
Was she a p actor before or did I miss something?
I think she's freaking gorgeous
Not gunna lie. I was lookin from there up before I saw the baby bump
I only watch it from there, down.
This women is toooooo hot like hot
girls don't drink whiskey
She caught a simp .
Dude needs to upgrade his liquor supply
Who's the father
"Tequila and country music makes the closes come off", so that's the recipe for  fun and commitment?  Okay, then....
Tequila from Jalisco to world you are welcome
i missed todays stream but man we gotta come back stronger next seasonbtw what up smitty!
I'm just here for the Steph Curry fans that's gonna make hella excuses jus watch they coming
Warriors have had quite the year with more downs than ups. Still a big fan and look forward to their rebuild. Took the L tonight but I couldn’t see the current team going against the reigning champions in 7 with any hopes of winning 4 games and possibly causing more harm than good in an already beat up team. Sun’s should not celebrate too hard! You don’t have a chance either in the next series. Just saying
Archana Ma'am aap to wheel of fortune majn are ho ...aaj.,I am so exited to see you..baby Aahna
Love the fact that both these young men spend so much time with parents and give importance to whole family time else many young men neglect their parents and spend time with their friends socializing, clubbing and partying only or spend one on one time with their girlfriend or partner only most of the time, leaving their parents aside. So it feels so good seeing family constantly bonding together and they always having fun times together with each other.. God bless you all
Aary is such a nithalla aadmi, sucker
lovely vlog
Vlog title should be..Aam ke guthli kisne chhori
Puzzle is not bad but try carrom board, Ludo....and ...some other games it will be more fun ...you can shoot it also. ...mtlb mjaa aaiga na ...ludo mae koun kisko hraa rha ...try naa. Yrr ek baar
yogi and sameeksha dono real sister lagte hai
Lovely
After so many days,AAAP ka family with the same laughter,spending time,chilling together...
It's Kind of a peace itself
Lots of love to you guys
Hru aary little brother my age 39 sorry to you I am call little brother sorry aary  to say something to you. I am uneducated, but I watch your blog every day. I just wish you all would speak in Hindi more often so that even more people could watch and enjoy your videos. You and your future wife both come across as very natural, and your entire family seems like a very normal, down-to-earth bunch. My name is Manohar Gupta; I am from Katni, near Jabalpur. Sending lots of love to you and your entire team plz rpl..?..
Had souch fun watching the vlogArchi with her charm and exhuberenceParmeet Sethis daruwala pj
Mam have loose weight looking more  good
Your vlog is the most beautiful and adorable
Aary broo ik u r becoming a boar because of these fuckass 45+ years old ppl as ur audience actually on the main channel we get it all clean, boaring gyan, full bakwas because that's what it  started like budho ke liye and then they came here from that channel and now u have got the wrong audience because it was ment to be fun and not this faltu ka nonsense gyan ki omg u should run ur fam like this not like this and sort of which is pathetic as they themselves don't know how to run a fam and i am sure inki salo ki inke ghar mein bhi kon nahi sunta hoga toh yaha gyan Dene chale aye ye but yk let them get offended it's okay don't try so hard to be all gyani all the time because that's what making this vlog thing so boaring now because first they would get offended then u would get viral and afterwards you would get the right audience and just can be yourself so yeah fuck it bro just be what u r just full masti and not this faltu too hard to be gyani it's boaring
Archana please send me some mangoes… it’s been ages I haven’t had good sweet mangoes  Seeing you all having mangoes I wanted to have it too…. I’m feeling jealous
I literally watched  this vlog twice
Where have you got the puzzle from
mango guddli is the thing vo joint family mai sab jab aam khate hai tab guddli usko hi dete hain jo family ka sabse beloved insaan ko milta hain  guddli fight is mandatory when you eat mangoes with your family
Apky vlogs ab itny entertaining nhi huty bs aik random se video post kr dety hu like vlogging to kahin se nhi lag rhi ye aise lgta ha sar se bojh utar dia video upload kr k
Ye india walon ko english bolny ka itna craze kiyun hailove from lahore pakistan
Same here, guthli kaun chodta tha, ghar mein i used to cut mangies n i would leave a bit more on the guthli coz i always ate the guthlis, n mango is always unlimited.
Why Yogita makes weird face while eating anything at 1:06 ?
Most amazing is last part of the vlog always-the ending and BTS
Jab puzzle start Kiya to windows ne light thi but jab puzzle finish Kiya andhera tha window per. I want to know kitna time laga puzzle complete karne me. Plz batana
And when all 6 of you are together its next level energy
Love from pakistan
Love how real Yogita is. She expresses herself on the vlogs . Yogita is really entertaining
Bhai vlog ka editing aur music combo mast tha  pura end tak dekha!”
Very beautiful family blogs  Radhey Radhey ji  have a great time with your family
Yogi is Yogi sameeksha is sameeksha both are what they are, respect their individuality
Sophia Holland from moonvale thanks you for this
Walking aimlessly in winter amidst the snow flakes falling slowly and drifting here and there, with a chill gentle breeze blowing on my hair, I wrapped up tight, and along with it, a distance sound of warm exquisite music, slowly and progressively made itself known, composed of the melodious whines of the accordion, dancing beautifully to the enchanting rhythmic beats and tunes de guitare acoustique. On their own, my feet made haste to the very place, le Café de Paris, not too far from the Champs Elysees, where music lovers dwelt while this beautiful music being played...what wonderful tunes to enjoy on a lazy winter afternoon avec cette musique si belle... et qui me fait rêver...
Beautiful music, I’m drinking coffee and reminiscing about Paris, which my husband and I visited in 1992. My husband is in heaven, but the memories remain.
Talk and pictures are cheap
Where is my ? I want to kiss you with the same softness as the music and with all the time of the world and look at those eyes that I have spent my life looking at...how much i miss you...I hope you are reading this and come for me..don't think, just come and hug me and kiss me with the same devotion, slowness and insight of this music...slow and passion..for us...just us...
Thank you for such soft music...it is very, very soft..like sitting down, breathing,letting go and seeing what would be next...with such excitement and new horizons.  !!!
The music of Paris certainly attracts uplifting, bland, and repetitive comments from spammers and fake profiles.
Thank You for sharing! Closest I’ve come is enjoying coffee & croissant in Canadian French Cafe after spending the afternoon at Notre Dame Cathedral.  They were playing music exactly like this! Such a wonderful day!
Beautiful moment. Morning Sunday coffee for me  Thank you for this nice gift. May this gentle music bring you peace, quietude and love, wherever you are in this turbulent world  Greetings from douce France
Nothing like the European culture
Athmosphere of 2009s~2012s, when internet still not spoiled people
So damn beautiful! Paris is
This made my morning  routine  wonderful  ty
You are so loved by Jesus! If you are currently stressed out right now just know that God is more than strong enough to carry what you are struggling with. Love you all
I visited Paris for the first time this year... Sat at a beautiful cafe behind the Louvre. Later, super excited I entered the Louvre but after some time I saw that leaving aside the most beautiful paintings in the world everyone was suddenly at the window clicking photos of the outside. It was the first snow of the season ! The view was breathtaking.  Nature proved its beauty yet again. By night everything was white, and the Eiffel Tower was sparkling. Loved every bit of it. "City of Love"  for sure
I love this.
These Paris Cafe playlists are really something special. Gives me peace and helps me focus. Blessings! ♡
Very Comforting and peaceful
Lovely
I really enjoyed watching this movie. Miami 4K is always captivating
1. Walmart has closed some individual locations
2. Walmart has not announced a mass closing of 250 stores in California
Light and LOVE to all
From R&B anthems to pop classics, 2004 had it all. Which song takes you straight back?
Class of 04
I was literally was 4yrs old when all this songs came out I remember when I was in kindergarten or pre-k my teacher would always play this love for nap time.
Adorable years
The beginning of the peak era
Not the boobs bro
1st was the most normal one yet
First one nahhh  I got a heart attack  when I saw that
Do you like to cosplay
The first one not cringe,
That one was funny
Me me me me then whichhahhahahahah
“CoMe On BaBy” got me dying
Come on baby come on
Bro theres nothing wrong or cringe from the last one??? They where happy bc they trotted for the first time???
Why did I watch this with a straight face
LoOK At Me what's inappropriate
First one did all of that just to touch her
The furry one it said didi
It's so sad.
Imma scream 67 was not in 2024 bro- edit: ok i get it yall it was uploaded in 2024
What is that shadow in the toilet one
I think the dude with the face paint was dressed as Mr. Bobinski from Coraline
Why is nobody talking about how perfect that bun was on that burger?
Bro, the people over 30 got me laughing and cracking
Chris wins
The baby talkin bout the gun is my cousin his name is hector
Spanish
Say Spanish his a genius
My dumb ahh thought the Spanish one said "my son is learning to speak Fish"
I am eating that rn
The first one got me rolling on the floor
I wish he would laugh cuz I laughed
I have that little toy gun
Nahh I’m out the first one got me
Why is this literally my dad
That fart got me rolling on the floor
to the sneeze  one
The fart at the end got me rolling
what is the seesaw shape
Ngl. The first one made me laugh my lungs out,after 5 years of despair
That sneeze was personal
Not the Smurf guy
"Wheres the burger" infront of you the meat *NOT LIKE THAT NOT LIKE THAT* is called beef not burger
Why is nobody talking about the blue guy in the thumbnail looks like Smurf cat
The park date is relatable to me and my boyfriend
The first one was so funny that was even dying of laughter
Can anyone tell me why the burger bun is PERFECT
Har Har Mahadev
Manifested this moment for months and finally it happened in Rishikesh "
Har har Mahadev so sweet to all  lakhan bhaiya ki masti
Sir I got a copyright strike from your channel which will make this channel removed in a week sir im a single mother sir please remove the strike and I'll never repeat my mistake
I'm laughing so hard liv is like want to go on a date. And Hallie just give me my money
I like this video so much you can’t make a video like this one please thank you and keep makingnew YouTube videos for 2025-2026 please and thank you
So hilarious!! God Bless , truly!!
THE HOBBIT.I’m reading that in my school the old looking one looks like gollum
funny how you can be the best person on this earth and not have any problems
Your so sassy Hallie
You are so funny
I love this but it,s creeping me out with the filters
Haley in the beginning
When Livy Sad Oh my god it's almost Halloween It's the best day ever Got me Laughing
You guys are so funny so funny
Yes you should make a part two I am a huge fan of yours love you guys
MARCO LOOKS SO YOUNG
“LISTEN UP GO ROB THAT BANK” is just super funny
" i NeEd a BaNdAiD gIvE mE a BaNdAiD "  yall are so funny
Yh it was so funny
haha  love the Gomez family
I’m dying.the dad’s shmegal was hilarious.
OMG...... THAT SCARES ME SOOOO BAD... IMMA HAVE  NIGHTMARES.. NOW.. ITS ALL UR FAULT... LOL
Thank for Posting video and live and posting lots of video
Porcupine
It’s not a speed control, it’s a target selector
Evil lawnmower makers
Great set
So good
I love intelligent humourous witty people. He made me think a bit,  I just think he's brilliant.  Name? In case I can't find him. Please
as a geography teacher i laugh hard
Dry humour never been this funny?  Keep practicing, you might get has funnily dry as the British
Bike lock and an imagination
both teams play on the same field in a game, doesn't matter
HILARIOUS
My mom's high school were Canners.
His name spelled wrong in the upper left for the entire vid.  ERSKINE
Never heard of him before but really enjoyed this - so I want to stick up for him by pointing out that the video's title, the description below, and the ACTUAL STAMP THROUGHOUT THE VIDEO manage to misspell his last name 3 different ways!  I think he deserves better, so pick one!
The way he incorporates the crowd into his jokes is so funny!
For everyone out there struggling with life as much as I do, lets not give up on ourselves!  We got this   I wish that all of your goals and dreams come true!
Yep, two thumbs up, funny guy!
Watching this set for like the 10th time and it still makes me laugh
Dawid passionate in the monitor section of the review
The Acasis is more a Dock not a Hub. I don't know why they would call it Hub.
Bro is gonna NOT survive India
You should do one of those "I review your e-waste" again
Someone needs to do a Doogee night vision phone camera for the outlast game series, the battery would probably hold out to both parts without getting discharged
AWESOME!DO MORE! DO MORE! These are some of the best episodes ever Why haven't you been reviewing this stuff? Thank you some of the best entertainment ever! You are definitely my favorite youtuber.
The doogee hasn't broken on me yet even after being dropped down some stairs. I have the S86 pro. If you don't want the doogee throw it my way . Actually please do NOT throw it you will hurt someone
FOPO portable monitor company watching your video probably disliked it
That thing reminded me of the superboy for the original gamboy
Are we in a recession of Metal Gear Solid memes right now where is the Big Boss
Yo Cass will you crack Teto if You had the chance
That MGS meme was so goated that it was invisible
Awww them chicken nuggies grow up so fast
How it feels finally accepting the MGS memes have finally gone INVISIBLE
Day Two of seeing INVISIBLE metal gear meme
Who cnt afford iphone n nothing this is for us
iPhone + Nothing
It's hey,
Ui is pathetic
Nothing + OnePlus+ iphone= Infinix Note 60 Pro
Why the Infinixs screen looks better than iphone in start of the video
Too much better than IPhone
920000 antutu score .
Why do they have to copy the design of apple everytime
Over priced fancy bull shit ....should be in a price range of 18-22...for this money which they are offering we have better options
HR and SPO2  Samsung had it for 5 generations back till 2018
nothing fckd apple
If they make that lvl of optimisation also they’ll struggle to survive
How the hell is a fingerprint senser gonna check ur oxygen and heartrate
Samsung did that sensor thingy and button thingy years ago
Now infinix is cooking
Wtf is this
Everyone copies iphone and then try to become more good than them and then they say Apple doesn’t invent  Great Products have cheap copies, enjoy being cheap
What is Call of Duty Certified phone ?
Mass suhagrath of the whole tech industry.
Nakahanap ng bagong friend si Queen Money
Puro laugh
Whoa  ioi at its peak now. Please don't ruin your reputation like ubisoft. This is actually cool.
Well, in bonds defense, he’s not a bald jacked cyborg mf with a barcode on the back of his head that looks like someone who is going to kill you.
Is it rated m
Penetration tester and cunning linguist
if only you watched how he go thru that window... no civilian has peripheral vision
lmao try theif vr
Kind of a bullshit comment because this game hasn’t even released, so you can’t say it’s fixed anything!
And how do you explain the bizarre section leading up to the window… where he manages to climb over a wall, hop up a drainpipe, shuffle along (hanging in a way demanding at least a little grunt and noise), shimmying along ivy, right out in sunlight, directly above doormen) . Game is bonkers.
He low key acts like Dexter when he gets caught being somewhere he's not supposed to be
Good observation bad example. After this all that happened was not at all stealth and just fake
It's a James Bond game afterall, Got to have the Persuasion Mechanic
She not cheating I’m just the penetration trainer
That still only happens in set locations…….. so if you are in a giant room with 50+ NPCs there will be 2-3 that you can engage with and do stuff like this, so now they did not fix it. The closest a game has come is RDR2 and that doesn’t even work for stealth. So no, unfortunately it’s not fixed
See now I wanna ask you how old you are
@kirahominique you were supposed to film the secret syrup receipt #IYKYK
Counting how many times Kirah says matcha… 21 and counting.
This haul had some timeless pieces.
You look so beautiful the tan looks amazing,keep staying focused and on your game, prayers going up
Thank you for the content sis. Now please get’cho ass off that good ol’highway and back in the damn car.  my nerves were nervin chile
You NEED to start 2027 living in LA
When you hit the like button BEFORE anything starts rolling cuz you just KNOWWW Issa movie!!!
I want to visit LA  you should move there hunnyy
“Breakfix” still gets me every time
The  of content!
Kirah when I was watching the beginning bathroom scene. I could see a strong Red Aura. I had to look it up and it sounds so much like you  A red aura signifies intense physical energy, passion, grounding, and a strong connection to the material world, typically linked to an active Root Chakra. It represents ambitious, confident, and assertive individuals, often referred to as passionate, driven, or fiery personalities.
Omgg this vlog was everything
The EDITINGGGGG Tore!!! Especially in the hotel morning scene
Kirah that white birkin was teaaaa
Kirah GWORL  you content is litt!!!  I really enjoy your editing style and colour grading. I pray that you are able to share your tech secrets  and how you edit, because I'm here for it
about your eye ,  i had the same thing and it was caused by overwearing my contacts so maybe look into that
Sending you blessings on blessings, May God protect you and keep you safe, and keep on blessing you. You’re a gift
I genuinely enjoyed this vlog so much! It reminded me of your old vlogging style with an updated modern twist. The vibes in this one were absolutely amazing. I’m even rewatching
It’s the bond spray lol it will have your hair looking like Dave Chappell lips after a while  IYKYK but regardless you still the baddest
not me having a stye too
Oh this vloggggg ! Gworlllll I’m SAT!
Kirah be safe
I hope he said excuse me reaching fir that fruit with his weirdo haircut
is giving dessert igloo in a good kind of way love it
i feel like you and Luo Luo have but not entirely but the same personality, I love you guys doown
kirah your videos only get better and better  thank you for sharing with us and taking us along!!
Kirahs energy is always so lively!! Love me some kirah fr!
Where is the swim suit from
Yucca Valley, Kirah I can’t believe you were out here. I live in La Quinta California five minutes before you get to Indio where I was born. That’s where Coachella takes place anyways I hope you have a great time out here in the Desert, my little Sister. Have fun and be safe.
sooo tea, now I want to go on a trip to LA
Loved the video
Hey fellow Pisces ! the Louis bag has been in stock on the LV website for weeks now girl! They restock all the time
Your skin looks absolutely amazing it’s even and glowy please I need your secrets
i think because your healthy lifestyle is so present in your life a place like LA caters to a lot of those health needs. there are so many beautiful places to go to with such healthy food options which is very stimulating especially when on that type of journey. along with the weather it just genuinely can make a person happy lol it’s the main reason i’m never leaving california…anyways welcome back to LA gurrrrrl love you
New to this channel and I love your vibe  greetings from Houston tx
Where you born rich
Hello i am new here and i loved your vlogs.  Can you share which sunglasses you are wearing?
As a JW, love to hear how you view gifting and your preferences. We too prefer to give gifts on random days rather than forced or expected times
Omg your channel looks amazing but you don’t have a lot of followers why
I was watching your vlog and girl! I'm obsessed with your vlogs and the fact that you answer all of the comments is my favorite
just found out you and your energy is amazinggg loved the vlog
can i connect with you in gmail i wanna ask you something
i want u to continue it You will become super successful Im knowing it
Hey everyone!  I have a channel where I upload vlogs (my favorites!), motherhood videos, cooking tips, beauty tips, hairstyles, and more!  If you're interested, I highly invite you to subscribe and become part of my community!  We'll take it one step at a time!
Thanks for your time and support!
Literately your blog is the highlight of my week makes me wanna look cute have fun and romanticize life more and more  thank you !  Keep shinning!!
I don’t know how to explain it but your videos just make me want to level up my whole life… the vibe is literally everythingg.. her life is literally so aesthetic. I'm obsessed periodt.
First time here and I love the vibes already
I just found you and I already know I won’t miss any vlog. New subscriber!  btw don’t stop talking, people it’s so rude
Hi im new here i really love your calm vlog
That was the fastest subscribe and like button click I've ever done  go giiiiiirl
Love please tell me what camera do you use
helloo!!!?? i used to like watch your advice on Instagram and oh my gosh u spawned on my fyp!! tell me if this is a miracle pinch me ilysm new fav channel unlocked kayla i love you!! alsooo!! ur tesla??? it's SOOO gorgeous!! xxx
New subscriber here!  Love from the Philippines
I have some corrections: the cc logo toggle on the *yutulu* 25 bag CAN be pressed and it functions as a button  so that’s good news  also, the silver flap bag is actually made of calfskin! Sorry for the confusion, it was just so soft I immediately assumed it was lambskin
Chanel is following Dior's not so good strategy of pricing low quality plastic products at premium prices. Ridiculous , so I would prefer to order at  *yutulu* .
I’ve been so bored and sad with the new weather / time change and been needing a channel I find comfort in and this video made me feel so much better! The way you talk to the camera is so comforting and ur vibe is just perfect ur definitely going to be my favorite channel
just saw a one minute snippet of this vlog and knew i needed to find your tiktok to follow you this is literally how my pinterest board looks!
So happy your video popped up in my recommendations!! I love the content and your personality
Girl you just earned yourself a new follower I LOVE long vlogs where there’s more talking than music and ASMR
New subscriber i just wanted you to know that you inspire me  and is being qn influencer your only income
Where are your cheetah kitten heels from omg ?
Omg i just discovered your channel and instantly subscribed i loved your vibes , the way of talking and the asthetics of whole vlog. Sending so much love to you!!
I remember watching these all the time during 2020
Guys what should I do my parents won't let me dye my hair EVEN tho its MY hair and I can do what I want with it. I can even pay for the dye likeeeee... Mom keeps saying my hair will fall out BUT IT CAN GROW BACKKK! I dress scene and I really want to dye my full hair. I might write a paragraph or two so they can let me dye my hair even tho that probably won't work xd
that is me i am her
yo y is Melanie in here 1:47 (luv it thoXD)
I’m mutuals with the girl 11:02
Omg the videos about baggy jeans being over rated makes me sooooo saddd. Baggy are so cool to me
does anybody know the song at 7:53 </3 ive been trying and i cant find it
The way my broke ass college self yearns for all these alt styles/looks
no idea why i got recommended this . i’m not alt nor have i explored the style that much (my style is js baggy streetwear ig?) but im lowk glad i got this on my fyp. (im now digging into this and im thinking abt changing my style but idk lol)
get the camera off ur dihh vro
I gotta get some alt Christmas clothes (I say as it’s Christmas tomorrow)
Happened to me the other day, was wearing the worst shit imaginable, looking into my phone then the most gorgeous girl ever sits slightly across from me on the bench I was sitting on. She had like two colored hair, you know striped two colored hair. The most tuff fit you could think of and she seemed so nice too. AHH but no she was probably older than me so whether I had a tuff fit on or not, I probably wouldn't talk to her...
Sometimes I wish I was in one of these but them I remembered I’m not alt enough to become famous
people bully people who dress how they want to because they(the people who bully) don’t have the courage to dress how they wanna so they make fun of people who do because they are jealous so dress like how you want
Managot daw?
The circus is not adjurn
Wla ako Tiwala ky Castro..at BBM
I love how it sinics with the video
Scientifically Impossible to Finish this challenge
i only saw this meme to steal memes
What the f###= what the fart
Bruh the fuckin first one
two birds and one stone two dudes and one golf ball
50 to 150% on the other hand
Oooh man good old memories with PS1 Lara croft
How do you go from 50% to 150% on ACCIDENT
Accidentally my fat ass bro
Last developer is a real one
Lol the censorship
Accidentally in quotations
Like Bob Ross would say, last one was a "happy mistake"
The developer got a little freaky
Sa ghost planes use to actually torture me on PS2 as a kid
The entire game
Castro over to bol
UYYYYYYYYY BUHAY PA PALA Z JAYSON "MKAPAL ANG BIBIG CASTRO
Told you !   Mr Ghalibaf already clearly stated  " IRGC Controls and decides passage thru The Strait , not social media & not trump "
How one have peace with a people that wants to dominate a whole planet.
And the orange dictator continues his market manipulation; whiplash for the oil futures...
Trumpy is looking EXTRA yellow in this clip
Work for Lloyds of London looking to jack up their rates? Iranians have little capability of closing the straits:  Gunfire Oh no, next Reuters will report BB gunfire is threatening the straits.
I have a feeling that kharg Island is about to no longer exist
Don’t believe ANYTHING the orange clown  says without verification.  Even if he says the sky is blue.  Check it.
I thought it was gonna be Shinx.
you MIGHTVE used this one before but im way to lazy to look so lets go with no its new and a good thumbnail
(Sending random emojis for no reason day 97)
quslarrrrrrrr
Please Trabzonspor win today they can't let Galatasaray win again
Please get a knowledgeable person who knows  what we are doing in Iran.
Hey Israel, next time you would be better off using no one, then picking this guy to come on and try to sway peoples opinions . He legit made it more obvious that you are in control and Trump is not, and that you paid this guy lmao. Or blackmailed him.
So guys here a tip! Anything that this guy claims to believe, whatever the opposite of his opinion is, is the truth
Hey Israel, next time you would be better off using no one, then picking this guy to come on and try to sway peoples opinions . He legit made it more obvious that you are in control and Trump is not, and that you paid this guy lmao. Or blackmailed him.
So guys here a tip! Anything that this guy claims to believe, whatever the opposite of his opinion is, is the truth
Or that Shah had a more repressive security force? fuckin REALLY? More repressive than Mullahs?
this dude is completely outta touch... "no one saw it coming" "Trump is acting independently" "I told my students, blah blah blah"... geez. This clown is a teacher?!?
.. president GN or AOC  I hope not!
Son a Paid actor
Time for  Joe to get his head out of his @$$. OR he can appropriate the name TCarlson.  He's coming off as a NUTTER.  Trump  lured Iran into exposing themselves.  They got comfortable when Tucker assured them, Trump wasn't  coming after them. BUT Rogan isn't  very  informed either
Dude is bought
Trump has time to text Joe Rogan??
Who is this clown!!!???
Prayers for everyone in this video
The second story time??? Are you kidding  why hasn’t she been fired, she’s so unprofessional.
Okay I lowke noticed that basically nobody was talking about the girl with the foot long subway thing 32:01  but like why tf did she ask for her food like girl is f-ing tire popped are you not gonna call someone or like help him in some way… that’s hella entitled idk that’s just my thoughts but no hate on this creator
I know my daughter bad I didn’t need a reminder
Lmfaoo bro I remember I called this girl on IG a monkey but she didn’t have any picture on her profile and it was private and I didn’t know she was black  all i said was she lost her monkey ass mind like my ma used to say and then everybody started calling me racist
this gotta be the worse lineup of stories
Don't talk about other people's race! Proceeds to talk about the Hispanic and white girl
DAUMM  got me flying
Oh no! No maid for 5 months  rich people with not a single clue  on here whining about a subway sandwich and mom being mad because she broke the rules resulting in no maid for 5 months and she was so pissed like girl PLEASE
For the 3rd one my auntie is a teacher of 1st to and she talks about how naughty the kids are
lmaooo the face she makes
Imagine a teacher calling you a 304 and a b*tch
which isn’t bad? WTF!  a teacher is joking about to stay away from a child and that “isnt bad?” …
Why are 14,15,16 year old girls putting on buckets of makeup for tiktok videos?? What is going on?? They're too young to have skin problems, so what we doin??
That sub teacher story IS SO HILARIOUS i gotta give that girl a follow she deserves it
her mom is just finding excuses to take her own anger and frustrations out on her own daughter it's honestly pathetic so so many people shouldn't have children  like I take one look at this video and can tell she has a good kid smh and they wonder why they're kids never want to visit
I effing love this girl  23:22
You are so beautiful sweetheart don't never let someone bother your soul with that bull nine out of ten when someone says something mean to another person they are jealous you said she was fat that's exactly what I'm saying you are gorgeous darling just beautiful never forget it God bless you from your Internet auntie.
I’m going to start listening to these as I do my homework. I love other people’s gossip, I have nothing going on in my life.
girl ur saving me. i work in an office for 8+ hours and these videos keep me awake
You can sub with no higher education?!
reason number 19 on why I never wanna be a teacher even though I love kids
That’s got to be ilegal
If you have kids your kids are BAD
Omg my son told his 1st grade teacher he had his evil brother in his backpack and he would let him out…  that email from his teacher was so embarrassing I was like wtf would he say that shit to her
That one little insecure brat calling that one girl a monkey
.. annoying af with all the screaming.. I kept skipping forward
This should have been titled Teenagers 1st world problems, No juicy story times here.
she is so pretty
You don’t get a maid?! Like girl what  also is it just me or is it weird that she’s calling the sub from subway a “subway” lol
This is for the part of the video with the blonde in the blue shirt, when she says people are always telling her she looks sunburnt after doing her makeup ensuring to add that its January… as if you can’t burn in the winter
Yes, you can get sunburnt  Cold doesn’t stop UV rays, and if there’s snow, they bounce back at you, hitting you from above and below.
So yeah… sunscreen isn’t just a summer thing!
Do you realize how many times you say literally and like over n over n over when your speaking I’m sure you do this in every conversation you have , It’s so many your age range do this  , did the first graders cause this when they drove you insane kiddo , but I know what you mean I homeschool and baby set five to 7 days a week I’m also a granny that have been raise n the babies , you cracked me up
“You don’t get a maid” is some rich person sentence lmaooo
The girl talking about the Brain guy is actually sooooo PRETTY
God bless youJesus is king save your soul and repent nowGod loves you
I want to know what she meant by normal teenage things that her parents would find..... Apparently he did some shady s*** in the past and that's why her parents are so strict
Thank you for listening  Check out our sponsors: https://lexfridman.com/sponsors/cv8993-sa
yeah, but apple just announced the groundbreaking 'apple glass' where all the UI elements are transparent!
When a 'caring' inclusive company puts up 'jumper' nets at foxconn.  You know they truly care about the workers
I am not always the biggest DHH champion - but he is so spot on here.
So you want to use a massively successful distribution system for your product, but don’t want to pay anything, that seems reasonable
The only one who stared them down and won, by sheer force of Chinese mass/will…was Tencent/Wechat.
The iPhone air is officially Apple’s thinnest product compared to this thicc boi
And they made the sock as well like a few months back,
I still remember those smoothies back covers of the older versions
Made by samsung
I adored this device when it came out
This video did not age well
Nope it's not
not gonna lie this makes me a lil paranoid
Yes, trump is the only one willing to do this
Let's take the tax money back  an alien said to a human that your humans font know your true potential  funny as
“You humans don’t know your full potential” — sounds like something the Antichrist would promise
THE MILITARY base at DUGWAY use to fly these things late in the evening….NUCLEAR powered Spacecraft looking ships. They move silently and can hover and move at any angle and at unimaginable speed….OUR TOP MILITARY SCIENTISTS  just said,”WE NOW HAVE THE ABILITY to  BEND TIME and SPACE….but YOU do not think they can build a silent, nuclear powered craft….THINK DEEPER PEOPLE….OUR MILITARY HAS the ability to CLOAK OUR SOLDIERS..TRUMP will use it AGAIN in IRAN
DO NOT be GULLIBLE, they are expecting that. Since late 1800s the CIA has  been preparing you to swallow this FAKE invasion. You WILL see our Military ALIEN looking ships.  You will see 1/2 the Christians and ALL CHILDREN 15 and under caught up to meet the Lord….THE PURPOSE of the, “ALIEN/DEMONIC,” invasion is to convince you that the BAD ALIENS took the CHRISTIANS and CHILDREN….NOT, YOUR CREATOR…..C.I.A KNOWS how GULLIBLE and FLAKY people are, they can COUNT on IT.
I think you could blow a lot of minds, yours included if you had Darius Wright on your show
Still just as believable as ghosts  no evidence what so ever just hearsay as usual
This is to cover up the greater evil that government is involved in
its obvious we are NOT the only planet with life on with tech to travel
Incompetent at everything but damn those thousands of people involved work flawlessly.
All lies! I’ll NEVER believe it without the proof
All you’d have to do with trump is convince him it’s his idea.. not too tough right
You keep thinking wrong about which country gets there first. Its not about that with the extraterrestrials. Until no war, no toys boys.
The old "Trust me bro" never fails
That documentary was the biggest waste of my time
I have been using my zfold4 for 4 years and it's still working perfectly
When u get there, u will understand, you won't be nothing but something.
mferz can't put a camera in shape, also shitty pricing strategy  yet yo talk bullshit about samsung
Paying $2000 for a phone showing a crease in couple of days  Samsung is a scam
They are really trying to augment their income with content
Dude the crease is not even a problem lmfao! That's just being nit picky. Im daily using the the z6 with no problem. You don't even notice the crease when watching videos, you only notice it if you have serious pet peeves  the phone is phenomenal....
bioatching people ain't happy, and happy people ain't bioatching
Dang Carl must be cooking up a lot of storms so much gray hair now
Bro always tries to defend against the reviews given to his phones but when he receives the top phone he talks trash like bro
Complaining and nitpicking about the most polished foldable on the market while deffending the abomination that is the phone 3 is crazy
Hes the biggest hater. Always  hating  in all his videos
Nothing phones are gay, for children
Bro i shouted when I saw you but you ignored ...
Start using powerful chips on your phones bruh! Tired of those Snapdragon 7 Gen......
Trash chip for the price
So sounds like there's something missing in this market? A NOTHING FOLD A phone!!!
Roasting with the price on the jump is wild
Yeah but any of the nothing phone bends like this one ?
But the second one though
The second one
Dude the 3rd guys curls were silky and better than mine
This song so fire  , I been listening to it for 3 years and never get bored
Someone pllsssss find the tiktok of the 123 guys plss guys do this for mee I need them
The third one tho
The third one is fineee
Ts is not tuff
And jus like that, my favourite song got ruined
5th one is actually tough
The curly hair
that damn smirk
The first one got my attention
The first one and the 2 one they are so fun and so hot
3rd guy is so
4th and 6th
The first guy lord have mercy on me
Your consistency is on another level
NOOO----- (VANISHED)
But then a single Huntsman Arrow got a headshot, so insta kill
In call of duty mobile this is so relatable with the crossbow
Welcome to tf2
Aah, this is before his voice recordings
This is accurate my character take 35 bullets with 7 HP left meanwhile you got shoot by bow while wearing full armor
POV Nerf wars be like
Does sound He made at the end The sound he made at the end.
Peace to the world, teddy we enjoy your music even we dont understand the language. that is Art. God blees you
Brother
My favorite song.
bro took that like a champ
What the fuck was that thumbnail
another dimmension
Why they call it fufu...
the window cleaner in the back
I really love your videos specially about you buying random gadgets and testing them out. Gives me some ideas that there are things out there I can buy which can be useful sometimes
It's the puns for me "where you bin all my life"
that would be so funny
ph I don’t need that I have a wireless phone charger baked INTO my couch
You clean the grill by letting the fire burn off all the food then you scrap it..its very easy if you do it right..
A very expensive cooking robot with a subscription  that definitely isn't a "recipe" for disaster when the company will go bankrupt and the device will become a giant paperweight and companies like this will eventually go bankrupt
The ice cream one is so worth all effort ngl I would be at night preparing all the product For the week worth of ice cream if I had these machine
Bro you look a bit of Ruben Amorim !!
Bro got the real life FLDSMDFR
It's a diaper genie that self seals. Hahaha 6:04
NEVER USE A METAL BRUSH!!! To clean any surface you might have food on
as a technician for clothing... That thing ain't new.
I just wanna take a moment to say how professional this man is, all his videos actually teach you something
anyone here on the 1st of February 2026? (covid 19 was 6-7 years ago )
bro "accidentally" spill ice cream on the window
Get the " CIA WORLD FACT BOOK" not many folks know abut it available online SKYHORSE PUBLISHING INC: Its a guide to officle country data & statistics including geopolitical maps prominent political figures & parties data on militaries & capabilities transportation trade communication & energy infrastructure. It has population statistics details on languages religions geography info.including climates & natural hazards including up to date  info. on terror organizations . Originally intended for use by senior policy makers including presidents & the National Security Council. Explains thr five basic CIA components based in Langley Virginia. Its a valuable resource for students & travelers with a desire to know more about their / your world. ARE YOU A PARANOID WEENIE ?
Bro went right for his water
bruh John is a level 100 Bossman  of monitoring the situation. I love him.
Spreading disinformation merely requires a medium with far reach - podcasts anyone?
"Good question... (I hope he doesn't ask me that)"
What about Mossad?
Him sharing about having the ability to discern the truth is powerful
Whole of YT is a hoax people dont really understand this. Yes you are the product.
I appreciate you & God appreciates you. Keep up the good work! Much Love!
1/3 of all news is direct copaganda.
All these ex cia spys. Once you’re in, you’re never out.
The inmates are running the asylum, people.
I was interested until this moron said he liked Tucker Carlson  I’ll never be back
Ok nice I guess
Underrated channel, you earned a sub, and keep up all the good work
I feel bad for her 37:7
Poor girl in the bonnet jus wanted to take a piss
Girl when I heard Noah I was thinking brother Noah
The first girl is so makeup blind
the first girl calling her bf a the time Noah and then calls him James… James is definitely his real name and she just accidentally said James instead of saying Noah
"We'll call her... Charlotte... because her name is Charlotte"
Okay but why is the girl with the blonde hair and the black shirt trying to control who her boyfriend follows on Facebook
Make a 34 year old miss being a 20 year old
to the ppl saying the third girl has a crush on her friends bf, no. she has a love hate relationship with him and just a playful sibling type relationship. she was pretending to hate him as she stated they pretend to hate eachother and saying she has a crush on him is weird. she has a boyfriend. like girl no
That's just crazy
some of these seem so made up but its so good so i dont care at all
i am not sure what girl but the girl about the amazing world of gum ball girl i heard the other side of the girl that got the cops called on her and it matches up lollll
Oh my gosh, I saw Gianna tell the story about how she gets. The cops called.
the girl from 19:20 -24:19 said like 40 times in only the first half   i couldnt even finish it was too much
The fact that the first girl gave him a code name just to call him james
Not to be rude or anything.. but the first girl when she puts the hair clips on, she looks like she’s wearing a George Washington wig
I think we need to normalize not calling double dates two man’s. TWO MANS HAVE A DIFF MEANING BRO
The second girls are putting up with this pretty well i would dieee also i thought they were talking about back then until she said we have permission right now to be in each other’s rooms
i fall asleep to these
“Baby I got a plan, runaway as fast as you can.”- Kanye West
The second girls are technologically living in Harry Potter
First girl scared me because my brother (not named James) did similar shit wihh the women of similar names
someone needs to make a disney princess movie about the girl with the pet duck named tokyo who escaped a forced marriage
that little girl does NOT know what a two man is
First girls story was weird for me bc I'm Olivia and my friend is Reagan and I play softball
Good end to the season for the sharks, such a pity they couldn't grab a playoff spot. Time for  sharks  fan withdrawal syndrome  and  pleasant holibobs  for the entire  team.
So proud of the boys! Can’t wait for next season!!!
So all the sharks fans who aren’t really fans blaming the goaltender for the season please remember we don’t have a defensive men who are younger than our own prospect Dickinson. Luckily, we signed our player from the Denver NCAA championship run. let’s just hope they help Macklin and Will Smith out
Despite missing the playoffs, the sharks made a big jump this season improving 34 pts from last year’s 52 as well as Celebrini cracking the most points scored in franchise history  beating Thornton’s 114. Future is teal
Mae toh kahta madam gand dogi
Very informative podcast isi ki kami thi
What has gone wrong with utube
this is called Pure GhastiCast
Ooh Mam please
RandiCast
I've heard the most  3tarded statement in the first 10 seconds lol wtf was that dumbahh take !?
I'd chose a bear to
Some Brides also expect a wedding gift from their husband    the gift is each other. If anything thebaby deserves a gift upon birth because it’s their birth-day. If the father is going to get a portrait tattoo it should be of the baby not the mother. Look at how her 7 yr relationship turned out, now that guy has that tattoo of her face for nothing. What if her husband does manual labor & Detroit’s his body over the years to provide. What is she going to do for him in return?
If I stumbled home drunk and woke up next to that paper-clip-in-a-wig chick, I’d be scared to open my eyes. That’s the kind of hangover where you start questioning reality.
I would get a tattoo of her face on my arm as long as she got a tattoo of my arm on her face
If you put # hash tag before the guests debate points it starts to make sense.
New drinking challenge. Every time Andrew lights a smoke down 2 shots.
Should change the question to “would you rather pass a bear in the woods or a random black man in the woods”  and watch them squirm
Guy said "vag comes in the base mode, you are not special"
Fine,you prefer the bear but I have an idea, can you make a man happy before that
friction?
whoopsie kinda got yourself there Brian. You were not being modest when you said you’re not a car guy.
I feel bad for Canadian simps that would buy a house for a push present lmao, in Canada you get a solid 2 bedroom 1 washroom bungalow for 1.2 million, she’s gonna be sad in the near future because she’s only getting older and dumber by the day  wtf did I just watch
Omg none of them knew Land Rover makes Range Rover?? Wow! Give me a 4Runner!!!!
That silver shirt isn’t doing half pink hair girl any favors lmao. Put a leash on those knee knockers
The only person who will know you forgive the bear is God  idiot
The woman who won’t answer the fire starting question is the exact type of woman that doesn’t deserve to have a man who loves her. It would be quite unfortunate for any man who falls for her. I want to say that no man would. But unfortunately there are men who would
I must admit that I love watching these. But poor Andrew,  it must be a hard thing to try to help someone make sense, that doesn’t have sense.
I absolutely GREATLY ENJOYED seeing Brian’s whole face turn red, after he messed up the vehicle makes/models
When Chatgpt fails and you have to write your own thesis.
AJ class act
This was 1 of my homies 1st time watching AJ & couldn't believe the size difference, kept calling AJ The Terminator
The Joker vs Batman
lolz thats the reality jake. youre not a real boxer. youre just a chicken trying to run away from a cat.
Jake Paul should fight Andy Ruiz Jnr next.
What was the weight difference here? Joshua looks HYUGE compared to Jake
yt boy outta his element and got smoked
Even in the thumbnail AJ is laughing..
"His chin served on a platter"  who is that lady
A.j wasn't even trying .....you could count at least 5/6 shots he could've took that wouldve sent jake to the after life
I hope this idiot learned a lesson
It's about time because boxers taken seriously he was thinking about just making a couple million of dollars  well I guess defense got every bit of their money's worth does Anthony Joshua destroy him
The way jake fell onto Anthony's feet at 1:45 was just
I love how aj is smiling it’s so easy for him haha daddy’s home
Mike Tyson can do this but he need new mansion for tiger
*2:10* clown was taunting like he was getting his a** whooped the entire fight
“everyone wondering what the helly is happening”
so funny aaaa  this fuunny
Ahhhhhhhh what the hell is that
Bro got turned into Edd without cloths on.
My god, what a funny story! For those who don't know, I'm from Brazil, okay?
This is why aliens never visit us
It’s the fact I used to have a crush on him when younger
dawg if your gonna add a laughing sound effect at least make the video funny
This is why I don’t watch yt shorts bro
ha. ha. ha. this is so halarious  I can't breathe i'm laughing so much
Brooo little kids are see this and say daddy what does this mean
Who noticed the poop on his head
Bros butt why so loww
Castle funny bro you're so funny are you crazy
Castle funny bro you're so funny are you crazy
She is funny
wth did i just watch
Omgg
what the hell hahahahahahahahaahahhaahh
like damm why is this even on YouTube get reported to the guidelines did you read the TOS i be running like the flash when I saw this video-
That’s just dirty minded bro
Now you know it’s bad when people think this is funny
Ace Tone:
second music reference i caught in this video
why does that look like my chemistry teacher
VaazkL just collab with Matt Rose the old guy retired already
ayo the bottom left one
Having Walter as you chemistry teacher would be lit
Gotta die with the homies ig
God they always put a smile on my face
“cause I was scared :(“ HE’S SO REAL FOR THAT
Wait…droid worked in security? Was he any good?
honestly i could imagine droid in a blue cop costume on a discord call telling his friends to remember him if he don’t make it
I would have walked out
Bro said “BUNKER UP. GOOD LUCK.” Is wild
This the only fuckin podcast i actually watch. Just cuz this the typa shit that goes on in my discord calls/ game and playstation party chats
shit works for you bro, wish i could grow one
OMG i have a similar story I worked at walgreens and it was a tornado in our area and they told us lock the doors and go in the bathroom like what!?  front end and pharmacy were all sitting in the girls bathroom
Droid was probably playing gmod Tornado And he had to hide in the warehouse No other choice
ok nah but wait... his boss was lowkey right  traveling during a tornado would've been an awful idea LMAO
dude the sheer amount of times droid has almost died is insane. from a firework blowing up in his face to appendagitis and now this
Haircut is fire
Broo not the like fading away "AAAAaaaaaa" I cannot lmao
Droid my guy I solute you for surviving in the metal sheet box
Must been the wind
Use a cringe button
Claim therapy seats here
What am I watching
What da heck i watching
Is the one in the dep pink a man or a woman?????
What did I just watch dude I swear I would see this wen I was like 6 on kids youtube . Dude kids youtube was not safe at all .
If I see someone that liked this this is gonna happen to them
Yep, that’s enough Internet for today
“Ok just one last short….” The last short
that "woman" is a grown flippin man
Wait guys you see my photo of my picture well, I’m actually the kid talking not the grown-up
What is the singing? It’s so weird and this video is really weird. It’s like about a fat booty or a finger girl like what is this?
my phone's confused about what we watched
create this with
The big butt got me to go heaven
Sad but true
Just let the sun explode already
These festive vibes omg
Am I the only one who is looking the small girl in purple dress , she is damn good at dancing
But I m always waiting samantha movie
Me who is watching this song only for sreemukhi
Guys can someone say who is maya
The best hit in 2026!  Who agree?
Samantha granny
Thalaivi is back
No more old samantha. Sorry for saying this
Sam is back againn.......she is back with same beauty,glow and energy with this moviee
I'm so glad about her,congratulations samantha garu
@Life_of_KDM So cute and proud to see Maaya!!!
I was worried about the tamil lyrics epdi erukumoo
Not the tune,but loved the beat
Samantha  is back
Happy to see again sam
Song is beautifully choreographed and everyone is natural and beautiful and the only one who is looking odd in them is samantha. I don't know why she is chosen for this movie, I think it's only because she has market.
Because of Samantha and Chinmayi singer
Sam is back
Cdrama2026 please
Please cdrama compilation next
Please bts need next
CDRAMA NEXT PLEASE
i made an IVE compilation for you guys, i hope you enjoy it
Guys BLACKPINK when!?! You guys forget about them or what???
Guys, today is my university exam, I'm pretty nervous but seeing the video you posted is helping me relax a little
Jisoo's brother turned out to be a
not this song, ifykyk..
guys can u please react to a cdrama compilation next
Blackpink compilation
More of kdrama reactions plzzzzzzzlove from India
Enhypen please
Love this compilation waiting for BTS
cdrama tiktok edit 2026 for the next please
I’m still waiting for you to react to my YG compilation
Guys BTS gave the best performances in Japan concert pls react to it
You told last time that Blackpink video is coming but still not
Damn, I’ve been so busy these days I only knew one drama in the whole video… I used to be a pro…
Been waiting thank you
Guys BTS concert in Japan was in another level please make a new compilation
Bts plsssss I was waiting so much
Nah I play smart toaster
The Apple Pippins Controller looks like a Croissant
Nobody talking about Wii these days
After i get hungry playing tetris i would eat it
What about PC?
The Apple gaming console looks like a banana
What about PC?
I need the chicken nugget council
Probably getting authorities on that last one
Imagine if that actually got popular
McDonald's chicken nugget
It went from I have McDonald’s internet to McDonald’s console
Shoot pr bhi you can make vlogss
Elvish Bhai Jannat ke sath ek aur album kariye please please please
Karan and elvish bond
kuch or mt dabana bhai
back to 2021
Elvish bhai miss u and ur vlogs
Elvish aapne to 10 days me bohot sare vlog upload kr diye please aap rest lijiye
Wow elvish, kitna active rehte ho aap yt pr
Why are they low-key kinda fine
Low key all these men were fine in this vid
I got attracted to the wink
The song
The Warriors win at me. I’m getting him. I’m gonna show you my color. My color is.
The 4th picture is hemsome
I’m a straight guy but ts is so mesmerising I’ve watched it atleast 100 times
You guys are hot
I love the 2nd doy so mach
Holy fine shyt- why dont anyone at my school look like this *only 1 does*
I like this all
I smiled so hard I literally pooped myself
I like the fourth boy so cute with the wink it’s so cute and fr
I want to marey you
I like the first guy he's pretty cute
Why did I watch this vid 6 times
you know the memes are funny when their is 2024 meme
a kamen rider meme in this economy
The music of that knee surgery meme was so weird, shit sounded like the credits to the first DHMIS episode. (Also HELLO NEIGHBOR MENTIONED)
Bro I had 2 knee surgeries in 2024 WHAT
DaGames' Hello Neighbor song was and still is so PEAK
My mom has one of those cases
Knee surgery? In the big '26?
ts is tomorrow
I was NOT expecting to see a fallout meme, holy sh*t Valentine is rocking that fit tho
I have NOT heard that hello neighbor song in a while
Peak batch W knee surgery
Modern games are bad anyways so.
Iran didn’t win.  Admit you don’t know anything about geopolitics. Same with that Chinese professor you pushed on your channel.
I pretty much play NES-PS3 games...and Yakuza like a dragon, doom eternal...dusk... that's it... it's all totally legal by the way
Oh, you had a people pleaser in you, all right
Well Gamers would start using AI To start making their own games. Where there's a will, there is a way.
look, asmon is dressed like a doctor
Wait till they're on sale for $20.  What's the rush?
How does the $100 pc get more fps then mine
Can you giveaway that 100 dollar PC
Last of the most I like
5000 $ pc for single player
What's the point of high fps  60 is enough
4/10 with 400 fps is crazy
$5000 pc only for Minecraft
Bro, no way, I bought a pc over 100$ but not getting even 30 fps  bruh
Bro have NASA PC
$10 has asus name and msi logo
Your PC
What is in the 100$ pc cause i want to build one
1500$
Me with $0.02 PC
bro my dream is having 60fps EVEN ONCE
Wow the best music
Very interesting topic loved it
exactly about luck and connection and nepotism in film industry this is very important thing said by vikas divyakirti sir
what was that background sound at 7:48
They don't make video just for India they make for all world
No Varun Dhawan Harmed in this Video
Love this teacher from Pakistan big respect and he is talking very politely and with experienced
No Arjun Kapoor was harmed
Acharya Prashant  Please
Thank you
Where is my Hero Acharya prasant
My apologies in advance but did divyakirti sir farted at 7: 49....
Please bring Aacharya Prashant
Bollywood kids be like : tukka
I have answer for any questions birth in your mind sir but you can't invite me because of PR...
He teaches psychology in a best way.
dil khush ho gaya
Bahut khoob Divya kirti sir last moments reality mind blowing
Bhai please India ka Flag lagao apne podcast mein please
The Best Spot on Advice. Loved it.
The im at the beach
At the beach is so funny
He Mi At The Beach got me touching the ground
That is cray
I lowkey love Down syndrome people
(Day 17) of making my channel to be popular from only comments
Number 1. Let's talk about that.  I should not be laughing. I should pay a $100 dollar fine for how bad a laughed at each one
Nah bro number 2 when the footballer in the back was kinda laughing at the poor kid
im at abeach and speed up
3rd one was crazy
E de beeeach
I love those guys
The players on the field are fighting for their job and life
Can’t stop watching
Am at the beach
Amen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
The  funny is the  brefid
So  funny
Ted realizing that his mom not his best friend
Breakfast on is so funny
We have same girl in poland
Fun fact her name is Emma she won the kids voice she is a Eminem fan I’m a Eminem fan but I don’t no all Eminem songs I LOVE HER
I love her!RAP she can RAP COOL
Bro I have rapped like every single one of those plus rap god should do that contest?
Splendious, amazing and beautiful performance that's a beautiful talent
My age?
I love Eminem I would die too meet him I’ve been listening too him for a while and I still can’t rap as good as she can
I thought blind audition is people audition but they are blind
It’s not his fastest song
Dad must have posted this
Bro I can rap Godzilla better than her
She is German
someone said "my shit smells like shit" we did not need to know that
Ems fastest song, Godzilla is crazyRap gods faster bru
she is so niceee!!!, i want to meet her, i am 14 aswell, we might be a cute couple, haha
its hard to do the fast parts though
itel s23 ultra user here
Watching from my Casio ultra mega watts  pro max  fully paid
6,700 ngaun 256gb, 128gb 6.4k mura. dont care sa update backup ito panglaro and consume ng socials. if bank and digital transact go with samsung and apple , perfect for bkup burner phone.
Honor x9c 5g parin!
Casual gaming tapos facebook, nood youtube at Bold goods na to
Watching from my vivi Y29 the best vivo phones
SLOT, You OUT Please
Just heard some terrible news that Slot maybe staying at Liverpool next season. LFC, you just lost a supporter  Adios.
Dembele's goal looked effortlessly
“Liverpool management, it’s time to go big again
Bring world-class players and a winning manager, and we can fight for every trophy again
Safonov as a character from three musketeers
the jackpot for slot was over
Slot
That dembele celecbration tho
“Slot, if you truly care about Liverpool, you should step down today.”
Arne slot must go. Maybe to ibiza.
I swear these players under klopp, they can beat even ghosts
I think slot out
Good job you Reds, even though we lost we did better than PSG its just unfortunately we couldn’t finish. When PSG had their chances they could finish. At least we tried this time and Konaté had a good game. Let’s hope we can qualify for next year’s UCL so we can win it! YNWA
Writz, Isak, Ekitike  funny
We tried hard. E22 injured  sad. Slot out please . Don’t waste time. All fans do not need this rubbish man
Farmer's League .
Why are the views low
Ten hag 2.0 hahaha everyone is laughing at LiVarpool
Edward leave Liverpool
we actually spent 500mil to play the worst football in the champions league....we should really be ashamed of what we've become under slot......he is truely the Brendan Rodgers regen
This is my sis account the shape of his head is kinda different
Google tells me that they did a DNA test and confirmed the boy they found was not Ryker Web, but actually a different boy well in that case would actually happen to Ryker Webb
I’m sorry to tell you but  that’s not your kid  wtf is that
Bro got copied like will from stranger things
They did his DNA  TEST AND FOUND HIS DNA MATCH TO HIS FAMILY
Ryker webb becoming chucky's new cousin
Y'all how did he end up in a closed shed if he is four h can't reach the handles to open and close the door like
The
am I the only one who doesn’t hear the story until they talk about it
That ist Not the Same boy Look at the teeth Differenz
“He’s probably raised by the wolfs” got me dying
Whoa
this ain’t funny fr
But what if he’s not the same what if it’s a different kid
Nah bru playing 99 nights irl
They did a DNA test. He was in fact their son, he was just shell shocked. He was in the woods for three days and went into a cabin that he found. That boy is a true survivor!
He aged significantly in 2 days, different hair color, eye sockets aren’t the same, this one’s very strange
The toilet
bro is scarier than monster
number3 is so good to laugh  I'm not stopping  bro
Number 2 dance his way out and escape
Every video got me off guard
Is so funny
Number 3 and 2
Monsters, scared of monsters
Goofy ahh run
The first was doin a fashion show
No.1 is killing me really
I like the last one
3:The smile
2:They joined Bro
1:How she Walks it killing me
Move it granny
Bruh that's so funny
For 3. I played the game with my friends and I got stuck in that same story in a glass shelf thingy
Number one her walk matches the beat
Name of games
The guy at 10:38 isss soo funny i would have genuinely done the same man i wanna be his friend
I have an in n out in my town here in California
LMAO the way evelyn dances is so funni  im crying
aaaaww, hearing Mike Posner's 2026 version of Ibiza
Emily is sooo pretty without any makeup onnn
plsss do not use God name in vain. May God bless us all!!!
Emily looks so cool and gorgeous with the hoodie on top of her head with the shades while eating broooo
at 10:36 can we talk about the guy in the back who sees them recording an he is just like
lol omg the guys reaction in the back
lmao the guy in the back
Evelyn is soo mee
did anyone saw the guy at the back?
You guys should start a mukbang channel too
Stop i was laughing sooo bad at the "I'm eleven" edit and erica copying noah
Dont worry Evelyn I was laughing with you
Emily been happy and excited these days
Literally Evelyn wtf was was that?
btw evelyn u deserve more than Bensomeone who gives u more time
i was quite sad today, but watching you guys made my day ten times better, lots of loveee
HAHAHAHAH IM CRYING 10:37 the guy in the back
not them saying woah 100xtimes
they are not super long at all!
The guy in the back
Bro im reading this coments like a book
Peace love and enjoy
I didn’t sneeze but you blessed me with an hour long video
just Emily being the sweetest person!
ahh i want to try it but my features don’t match this eyebrows
Erica’s duckie has the same hair like Bibble from Barbie love it!
Accidental suicide. Boys will be boys achievement
Not even a splash. Bro just phased right through the water like it isn't even there
So the fact you knew it would kill him, the intention to make him jump is now illegal
I didn’t realize this was for a video game, and was really confused for a while
luring someone to the top of a construction site just to end them via banana peel
was i the only one thinking this wasn't about a game
Before you mentioned "hitman 2", I thought it was a Zack animation and I was genuinely watching how to kill people without being discovered
How did this one clip convince me to redownload this game and play again
Not legal, god is watching from above
Slipping on a banana peel isn’t criminal murder
I guess it only counts. If you don't tell them something like this cause if you think about it, it's still illegal to plan to kill someone. So what if you literally tell them that you were there to do that, but you didn't have to what would they do, then
Yep.  Dump lied to us (again).
US military is a joke.
Just  the entire area why are we stopping?
Iranians have Trumps stupidover a barrel and they majorly f’n with him! Trump looks like a clown on the world stage!
Looks like Iran knows how to play chess after all
Hold the line!! Strength and Honor! Release and launch
We must go win again
We are the super power in the world.. how come Iran controls A Critical vital waterway like Hormuz. We won the war.. won What.
Trump is so feeble. Everything he does turns to . He's failed at everything except lying and screwing people over.
Literally the mext day a giant middle finger to Trump
Nuke the straight
The US blockade of the Strait will automatically “run away” once the Tuesday ceasefire ends  Iran is teasing them so bad
“We’ve already won!”
I love this guy's reviews  dhaar she blows
I could possibly go caseless with this one
Wow really Awesome
From Find X3 to X9 Ultra, can’t wait! Best camera phone on the planet. I also have an iPhone 17promax as a backup phone
Dang that unit is amazing
Best looking phone I have ever seen. Will definitely be buying this
I would like to upgrade my OPPO. Did you get via OPPO UK, or had to order the global version from China. Thanks for the vlog
As a Tanzania thanks for the reference but damn how you said Kilimanjaro
That orange with texture
this guy always using banger wallpaper
Oppo killing the game rite now!! I love my Find X9!
Excellent Hardware but not using full potential
Can’t believe it took this long to ditch glass back sandwich chassis. Because it’s much more practical than plastic… For venders to replace.
I dont like how the flash is circular
They should make the flash small line like the x9 pro...
Proudly Tanzanian
Wow. That is one sweet looking DSLR.
Watching this on the Find X9 Pro... Can't complain with this phone either.
That is a ballocks camera bump
Samsung really needs to wise up otherwise they will loose customers to these Chinese brands who are bringing innovation
Heee
They are making professional cameras and marketing them as phones
Been waiting for this moment need a review of camera and performance ASAP love that premium feel
its time to say bye google pixel
This is my next camera .
Welcome to the road trip of a lifetime, friends!
I am so thrilled to share this 70s Road Trip Playlist with you all. I have carefully remixed and re-edited these childhood classics in my own unique style to make your drive down memory lane even more special. Wishing you safe travels, endless smiles, and a journey filled with beautiful memories and great music.
Where is your dream road trip destination while listening to these Greatest 70s Songs? Let me know in the comments below!
KID LOST HIS BRAIN SELLS ON THE FIRST ONE
ts is most rare thing
Everything was good except 67 kid
In the big 26
67 kid is not a meme
Old were better with their true potential
The longest 4 seconds ever
I feel like the American sports had more screen time compared to the football  goals cuz there was the missing build up to Barca’s winner, the build up to man city’s winner. But the Belgian winner and Messi’s Miami winner had a good amount of screen time
Did yall... .. heard what he said in 2:30 ?
that was a brutal tackle lmfaoo. Bro went flying
Hey, is there a link or something to purchase this
Giving a free kick to messi
Dude that Villanova Wildcats Shot from Chris Jenkins is Insane! Jenkins, Jenkins, Jenkins, and the PA Announcer timed that Fireworks Perfectly! Bang, Bang, Bang!!!
@0:50" Stokley..wooooow"
“five seconds to go, ”
The announcer at :30 f or the Damien Lillard deserves a billion dollars. Excitement like that is non biased. That’s passion and love of this game. That made me tear up Somebody please tell this man I love him.  ball is life
bro they literally playing rugby
Stanford band nowhere in sight ! Underrated call!
the ball never hit the rim smh I can see they cheating already
Play-offs time baby. None of thus BS HANDSHAKE love ya hugging end of game. Get straight FU see ya game 2
14.26 that bald head smack echoed the through the entire stadium
Antman no call no show  he is not consistent start
Timberwolves looking like they about to get  I might give them one game so a gentlemen's
Ngl , Rudy played helluva game  and I always talk  about him but his team failed him on D
A real point guard would have pass that way up for a cut. Of course, Randle settled for a contested midrange post up and he made it.  Trade him for a point guard, asap, while his value is still high.
This is a different 3 seed than last year Wolves  this time its a real number 3 seed
Once they lost the lead I knew it was over
Edwards on Randle be playing like trash sometimes
Cant wait for the nuggets vs spurs matchup later on then the winner will play okc, we have some great games coming up
So many traveling violations were not being called. The NBA is a joke.
Nuggets won with their underrated defense
Brown most improve player in offence and most of all defence
3 = LIKE the Video
1 = Do All
Don’t make me laugh
Nobody, for this this is not funny. You are so very, very loud. I got a lab and the funniest moments in a Pond
Yeah, you are a beast baddie oh wait, nvm obeast
Bro it make roll in the floor ever one of the drawing is so funny lol even my friend was like girl it is so
Wth is this sound effect...
The first one instead of her name, it’s obesity
hey baby girl  what I would say to 3
The first one looks like a piece of broccoli
The first one
Amen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
The fact that you had to turn up your volume is crazy
Why does Bella like that like get a girl to do it or get me to do it?
The nice pull
lol the 3rd one is like bro move im trying to get to me floor
Bro, did you go back to kindergarten?
The boy is a witch with a big smile wow maybe it’s not more go back to kindergarten boy
4 Is the
They end was so crasy
The first one have two bady
I was waiting for the splash but then…
Is it scary that I got jump scared by the mermaid they see me rolling I’ll be eating my chicken cutlets with the extra honey mustard without bread and butter chickenI’m
it's so funn
but that rock rolled over his finger so badly
I just mission video
There’s my heart in my brain got me dying
I was at sleepover and we were pulling an all nighter and i played this on accident and we got caught
so beautiful
WTF
Your videos is so funny like in the ho in my pail hahaha
Bro why did you do that
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BRO WHAT ARE U DOING YOU KILL HER
Did you know that sagawa it's dead
It got me laughing so hard i cannot even stop
Me when i am playing i surviving game
I miss this legend
What the
And take care of your health apu
Eta to thik Disha apu amader Ibrahim vaiya keo to ektu thank you dite paro bolo
Garden looks really good
Very nice cushion  colour
Both funny
“Just retire at this point gramps”
Smash  *the world proceeds to be obliterated*
Bro waiting to say punch  so that it will damage him
Yayyy Krillin is also here now
I low key thought knuckles was gonna paint them all the same color
I think he's got it
deku js obliterated Eggman
Reminded me of that one SpongeBob episode
Genuinely wanted Dihku to lose
What the actual fire did I just watch!?
Woah! I didn't know that Deku had a super form.
tf is sykuno doing in my atari short bro
They raised the budget for this episode
First time Deku has done ANYTHING useful or significant in terms of power scaling
Can you pin me please that
Would make my day
Bros puting a drop of water in the universe lol
Who saw ian rocks at the back
Old town road team
I hear speed saying THATS TO EZ lol
14 you got $20 for that Fulton family
I’m such a big fan of foltyn
Can you look at Ian in the background? Do you see his pants￼
Oh heck no that is not fair. You literally got to see full thing floating no that is not there that is not fair like no no no no that is not fair
Bro Ian rocks is at the BACK
There's lan in the background
I thought it was I am gonna take my car to the MacDonald I am gonna eat into I get no more
Sorry for him
What a joke good for this amazing joke thanks
Eww wath the heck
a very mysterious woman
One of the balloons popes
Her necklace is sideways
I can't stop laughing
people who think its AI
What the this
First time they both were fine with it but it was just a tiny bit of love and the rest of them are few Lw and a brace and a bit of a country and the other one is the only one I can do with the logo and coin paint and the other ones are the current challenges and the same thing as a script and a brace and a brace and a brace and a brace and a brace against the bsmest and the other one is the same as the clear simple and reflects it and the other people who are not willing to provide it to the person who knows what they say is it and they are not the correct person who knows what they say is it and they are not the correct person who knows who knows what they say is it and they don't understand it and they don't understand it or not the correct person who knows what you want to play with them up and you can afford it and they don't understand it and they don't understand it and they don't understand the responsibility and respect it and they don't understand it and they don't want to play it and they can respect him and walked into the desert world it is the responsibility and it needs to be the responsibility and respect it and they don't understand it and they don't understand it and they don't understand it and they don't understand it and they don't understand it and I don't understand what you want to play with me to write it and they 5 themselves into it with them in it every position to the right  and you can afford the money and respect it and they don't respect it to me and you don't understand it and they can respect them and they can afford them up against their rights to be there for me because they don't understand it and they don't understand it and
Kyu bhai kyu bechare
Funny comment department on the way
good one
“It gets really bad after a certain point ”
“Most people don’t realize how fast this goes wrong…”
“There’s one stage that’s actually terrifying…”
“This is way worse than it sounds…”
“It doesn’t end the way you think…”
Good driver
It is not funny
Meow meow  funny
Shouldnt have liked him anyway if thats what he like u for
The way she jumpscard us
My organic sister got caught
Rest in peace river phoenix and brandon lee  still hurts
The  Von is the man
"To be honest"  even wens trying not to be funny hes fucking funny
Because I started on a Monday
Joaquin is so adorable, he immediately caught the connection and found it funny.
This guy talks like Theo. Maybe it’s his dad
Always be honest.  That's why we like you Theo.
We have to protect Theo at all cost. lol
To of the most human beings. This is who we all strive to be
I love it
"To Be Honest"  i love Theos honesty so much
What a genuine reaction
Makes sense
Oh, that’s some funny shit there
I freaking love Theo.
Joaquin is aging beautifully
Theo is an absolute hilarious biggest dork ever
Theo is as real as they come. Love his spirit
awww Theo
It’s impossible for me to not watch this video at least 12 times, when it pops up in my feed.
Joaquin deserves to be around authentic people, I'm glad he met our Theo
Theo is the most genuine guy out there
Bru Joaquin was mirroring Theo at the end of this podcast, when he randomly brought up how he ate radishes & Jalapeno I was like oh damn!!! He really likes him  He NEVER shares random or mundane details about himself. Plus he brought up River for the first time in decades too
I just started watching theos podcast and I'm hooked the one with Lainey Wilson was my favorite
I love how awkward Joaquin is and how comfortable he was with Theo after a few minutes. He's not an easy one lol theo just got that ability
I’m loving his laugh
There is an alternate universe where Theo and Mitch Hedberg do an interview full of straight face comedy and one-liners and it sucks that we’re not living in it
I just watched the interview.. is it just me or does anyone else think that it’s as if they were interviewing their reflection  Theo is super funny and such a humbling person, the way he talks and expresses words in the moment is like watching a 5 year old genius. Joaquin is just like the universe - his mind. Full of mystery yet so talented, he speaks with everything he feels and seems to just throw it out for you to feel with him.
The way he answered
Is it just me or does Joaquin actually move and talk like the Joker
Wheres clark
Gallon of milk, 2400 calories, 130 gram protein, already meal prepped Nah, this is great and something I didn’t expect on this channel.
Cooking spray only exists in America for a reason
Tikka masala is not unhealthy  That’s crazy talk!
As an Asianplease use real rice it's not even that hard, just buy a cheap rice cookerTastes so much better!
After losing his mighty rapier, the swordsman settle for a quiet life as a cook.
Keep it up
Most the "unhealthy" things are the sauce & marinade so I wouldn't worry about that, but I would also have a salad on the side so what do I know?
I heard hey babe, David not gonna lié you and megan Should be datin RN ok also good video
Time to unsubscribe and take a million subs with me
Ending song and vibe
Ff player
Full support jony bhai
team up mat karo sare bkl Asli fans nehi hote !!
Love the intro song  tag on top
Godlike walo Ka Down fall Aa Gya
What happens if Jonathan, lolzz, bixi op, faith, W max is in one match with their squads
Apex Jonathan please
Jonny respact button
Please support
Bro boughf a thin phone just to make it thick
What’s the point of getting a thin phone, with less performance than its normal model, when ur gonna have to put a this case on which makes it more thicker than the normal edition
He lost it and it vid as 300k
Drop it from 1 inch it brakes
Why do we buy air if we put a thick back cover.
He drops it and a rock hits the camera
Same think with iPhone se 3rd gen
Bro please don't
We need 100k more likes
100k more likes buddy
Yo Carter, zoom in on the middle of the phone case. It look like the symbol of the 1
Guys like the video plss
Why are you watching odd squad in the big 26
India is the best country in the world  lucky to be born in this country but not in NK
Proud to b indian
Professor of how
What are you talking about?? Even north Korea is 100x cleaner than India.
Professor of how
Hats off this guy who save that people from north korean soldiers
serves people right , ive never been into a starbucks and never will .
That's everywhere! McDonald's, Jack in a box, Carl's Jr and all the rest of the restaurant's! Even though I tell them "easy on the ice" they still put a  load!!!  Sue them all
Wth, just ask for no ice, it's free tf
That's so true they serve more ice then the product lol
It’s called asking for light ice
I always ask for no ice and an extra cup with ice and share with my hubby  got to make the money stretch
Duh!! Where has everyone been for 10+ years they’ve been doing this. Just like shrinkflation
Sounds like a lawsuit that should be against every tavern
Generally speaking…you should always order less ice/no ice/ice side cup. Doesn’t matter if you are getting coffee from Starbucks or Dunkin, or soda from any fast food restaurant. If you don’t know that when you add ice to a cup you will get less liquid…then you might have an issue. But what do I know  with the way today’s generation learns math it might be hard for some to calculate volume.
It’s honestly insane
Not me over here always asking for extra ice
Light ice lol easy peasy
It’s actually better get light to no ice. They have to add water to volume but they have to make the drink taste good and not watered down
thheee boyys aree back in townn the boyys are back in tookwowowwowwwwnthe boys are back in town
I Hope Blue Jays Turn Season Around Soon And Corbin Was Pretty Good For Jays His First Jays Debut
Springer is forever fouling off his foot
Way to go Blue Jays. So happy!
Vlady has some speed on him now can’t even lie
With bichette gone, I think I’m finding a soft spot for Valenzuela
3 doubles  in ONE inning ?!!! Who is this team ?!!
Let's pray that this win moves Jay's  trajectory forward...let's go Jays!!!
This is the Jays team i remember
Wow.... love seeing the confidence and the smiles back again!!  Dare I say it????  I hope this is the swing back to the positive momentum they were riding last year?!?!?!  I sure do hope so!!!  Love seeing the magic happen!!!   Let's GO Blue Jays... Let's GO!!!!
Another Win For The Toronto Blue Jays!!!! Proud The Blue Jays Fought Back Being Down!!!! Let’s Go Jays!!!! Good Game Minnesota Twin Fans!!!!
10 unanswered. That's more like it
and the blue jays do what to the twins???
Corbin got more run support than gausman
What video are you using? And, keep up the good work
wow this is really satisfying thank you for the amazing video
It’s all nice and organized until the little cousins come over
Me at literally 11:14pm watch this rn
When she packs her stuff the Tom’s toothpaste is bad for her
It just gets on my nerves when the things get spilled on the counter
Does she have two kitchens? And love the mini fridge
The one sharpened pencil
i could hear "to the wot" in the back of my mind the entire time
They came out with orange napkins?????  3:27
OMG you are so lucky
Stop spilling it but its still ASMrrRrrRrRrR I have those pumpkin candy corn. I want them for a prize at school I’m sorry. Did you get those Punkin pie M&M’s those look good
I have the same mini fridge
Girl u dont need that muchhhh
Bro u literally just wasted have the skincare to show us
why is the tape gay
Glyphs were really cool
The CEO is even using Mac book
love when people dont answer questions
Nothing phones Besal
As a Nothing 2 user  Nothing 3 is not for me.... N2 still better
Bro what r u even gonna do with that  little screen
And why the heck did they removed the fricking lights. That was the only reason why nothing got famous
Carl Pei CEO is nothing but a deflector.  instead of addressing the bad choices they've made including the price, he is here deflecting everything and not even striving to improve
So high tech again nothing! Sophisticated clean and futuristic. Great that Nothing controls the flow futuristic and not traditionally flat and monotonous! Super stylish again, I want it in white
Vibes company
But was much more Easy, keep it both  right?
Anyone noticed macbook
Hey Carl just admit this phone 3 is not flagship material and is a  NGL
Community…. Full of Braindeads
We need more customization in nothing os 4 and new animation ..... The phone is not a pixel
"I tried to scream, but my head was underrrrrrr" this AI
Sprout what the hell
Cosmo just wanted to help
„Is Low” Cutely Smashes twisted vee and sprout and explodes
“glamrockspamton” “IDropKickChildren” is bro talking about spamton neo
I love the last one bc I'm a Sleepyhugs shipper
The second one STEVEN UNIVERSE MENTIONED
The ginger one is crazy whith goob
The ai one
What happend whithe the dyle one
Why'd she got smaller
Why no one talking abt the ai yatta jumping
Nah the dandy one-
The AI one got me dying bro help I can't breath-
The one poppy
The poppy and the sprout
I dont like ai but the ai videos were so funny
I'm sorry for that I'm wrong sorry I will never do it again I will gonna say it's funny I'm really sorry please for give me please I treeted you badly I'm so so so sorry I'm just a kid I'm really not lying I'm so sorry
HHHA laugh laugh i’m far oh my gosh what ice cream me as bus I don’t know wow perfect.                I don’t know wow wow good job good good ha ha ha ha miss ask me the real Aisha Aisha Aisha but big last me me me me I love you more but I just like me like me is my bedroom me find me a partner and like me so is my window 00 well Mr. Berta miracle master 000. my name is low. I am a Barbie love you amazing America no.
Chill he is younger and the grandma oh heck nah I see nobody except fort the camera person and him and his old wife 2:46
here is how to make a sandwich
bro is the queen/king of attitude
The one with edysilva is my favorite
Here
this is not funny nor relatable like be so for real
The look  1:55
Bro, why they’re screaming at everyone dances
baby be like
The girl ate a horse balls and she didn't even know  ewwwww peee u
The prank
The TV
bOmBaStIc sIdE eYe
so funny
get the butt out of here
67lol bro
What the hell is funny about this
That is stupid
Spider-Man why do you feel yourself
Yah kya tha
What the f***
Areola is a WILD last name
You call these bad boys heavyweights
Andy looking incredible at the moment! Speed, power and fitness best ive ever seen from him!
What the fuck is the face mask about? Don't start that shit again
And” Sweet Hands” Ruiz dude be throwing em
I always like Ruiz. He has nice sharp, crisp punches and that's what I like to see when a watch boxing. He fought a tuff great fighter. Great job Mr. Ruiz!
Like these fights, no running around
This is so funny
Not the thumbnail
Y'all missed the lady in the back at 5:40 ... she’s a mood
Bro kahoot leaderboard was crazy 13:27
the lady in the background is walking with her pants falling down
at this point the birds just HATE him
dang bro really wants the formula so bad
That kid with maze.....a future  combat engineer  .
What you mean mistake   0:57
had me crying!
was chineese
What do you that’s not tough? That’s thing I’ve seen all day
Hi and I hope everyone is safeAmen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
"Timothy tickle tip"
- someone I know
Amen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
The last one is CRAZY
Bro in a coma or just crazy
Bro look up
Possessed child
No. 4 was tuff tf u talkin bout
The poor teacher
Little Adrian got so exited he had a seizure
4 was lowkey tuff bro it was smooth
That kid is having epiplectic shock
nah number 4 was smooth
Number 2 the 67 in class
Bro that kid was possed he looked just like my friend
Yo what was that kid on
Bro the tape
The second child was cursed.
No.2 lil bro it wasent that funny
Number 4 was the kid from my school!!!! Dimitri!!!!
2: bro got possessed by vecna
Are we not going to talk about number 2
2 just just made me laugh out loud
The 2nd won bro has never laugh in his life
On number 3 my class would snoth on me before I even grabbed the chair
4 was actually tuff
first guy rly scared a whole class
kd is in james payroll
KD thinking about the fire tweet that he’s gonna put out on his newest burner account
KD walking like he was ok
After watching remember Gabe played tonight too… 15 mins with 2 points
Awit lakas ni kennard
Luke Kennard going for a Dellavedova run, let’s do it
Houston and ref just gave Lakers this game one but at the end of this series it's gonna be a gentleman's sweep. Rockets at 5
They should’ve checked in Luka on the court side.
Luke Kennard went Luka tonight, thank  the Lord
20 more offensive rebounds still loss the game
Luke said ik what it feels like to be in that mode
Kennard play like that then Durant aint thst scary. But we will see
Kennard's photo at the intro is stuff of nightmares  and playin while doing interview too
Look at how big and slow sengun is good thing he is good offensively, you know he is sh--- defensively. Bro is like 2 pounds away to be labeled out of shape he better stay productive on offense, coz that's all be could offer.
And a mf told me the rockets are good
That clutch check reached kds account quick tho
Luka so good he makes yt players believe in themselves
Now you know how precious kennard and smart to support james. So dont worry bout luca and austin
Smart ballin  per usual
Bronny smoked them!!!
Bron bout to Magic Johnson this whole series
Luke kennard like Manu ginobili moves and shot
kd face
He called Luke, Luka. Several times. All white do look the same.
KD buns
One reason why King James the goat !!! They never changed a rule in the NBA that benefited his games ! He had to adjust to the NBA RULES ! Let’s go King James 41 in the playoffs !! Can your goat say the same I think not  .  I’m not throwing shade but only the rule will understand .
The Lebron double dribble at 8:12
And the ref was looking right at him
Solid win for the Lakers. Luke Kennard is my guy
@NBA please put the game stats at the end of these clips please
Bron putting them unc post moves on these young boys now
Lakers still trash   rockets are trash   2 worst teams in western playoffs
They hype rn after game 1
Luka and LeBron
Luke and LeBron
how tf do you guard that
Go go go mga idol,go for the championship
Two injured teams slugging it out and I guess lakers are the deeper team lol
Luke showed why he is the sniper
With the way Kennard played tonight I know Luka Doncic would’ve played hard
Houston is scrubs!
No Luka, Luke saves the day.
The Lakers won
it can be a barn yard, spade card, or Luke Kennard LAKERS in
Cachorro memes and News
The dog dragging it's parent in the snowy background is sending me
Pierogi is a Polish food haha
You gone wait right till the end to have me in tears
As a Polish person seeing dog called Pierogi is cute, but also so confusing  word Pierogi is plural, it is like calling someone Mikes or Johns or Davids ..why?
This has officially started my day off on the right foot. That Husky in the snow
I’m going to get a Saint Bernard and name her perogi
I’ve no idea who the guy holding the puppy at number 5 is, but his reaction was almost as adorable as the sleeping pup
Bless those guys that rescued the dogs from certain death.
Cried happy tears for the number one story  All the stories were beautiful, loved num 5 puppy sleeping
: Yeah, reeeeal brutal... for the weak!
You  made my day, dogs are the best
The one walking around set on his hind legs are the funniest
Yup …I am crying … again. As almost every week
Pierogi is a dope name
Russian lady in the studio:
So fun!
Bangladeshi audience ekhon Indian audience der moto chutiya hoya gese. Abal guli bujhei na je eita world cup er runner up team. Shob baap chara public aise baaper doa team chodaite
Newzealand b Team
peak ball
After beating world champion Pakistan  , Bangladesh  defeated by Newzealand
Congratulations New Zealand team win the first odi match
Enjoying your Sasur ji's vlogs - and the recipes from his wife, they are very nice and chilled in-laws
Lots of love to Golla from Aayra Vlogs family!
Kaafe time se laughter chefs ka vlog nhi aa raha hai please daalo
Ignoring harsh for 24 hours please
Aapk vlog se pahle ali ka laughter chef ka vlog aa jata hai..to aapka vlog thoda boring ho jata hai ..thode he acche lagte hain bas
Amritsar is calling you guys... please go to AMRITSAR
Bharti ke chubby frnd or Jasmine dressing sense  hamesha Stylish
Her eyebrows are so yuck and funny ....and what an irresponsible mom and dad these 2 are .... god knows why to have babies if they are to be raise by 3rd person.... she didnot even lift the kid to her arms  instead was busy shooting the crying baby and making nonsense expression as if she is crying but without tears ...... what an unfortunate child he is , where parents are busy making videos out of kids to earn money , the only reason they r having kids is bcz they want new prop & content for their videos qki asli lagaw tho maids ko hai
Aap hair problems dr. Ko dikha lejiye last vlog me dekha tha ki baal jar rahe hain..tc.
Bharti sasur ji is so well in his vlogs,his voice n speaking style is awesome
Keep the bangs bharti sis u look so good love from Nagaland northeast India
Harsh bhai itni bari celebrity sy shadi hui hai usko izzat to do ab yeh chapri style band kr do
Kaju be like: Sabka badla lega re yeh tera Kaju
Radhey Radhey
Yeh toh har bache ko lsgti hain
Bhartiji ap bhut cute lag rhe the us bangs mei u should try it
Hakla khan crying in corner
Everyone please rewatch the movie. It should cross 2000 crores. It deserves that mark... I will watch 10 times tomorrow
Release angel of death mukrid sence song
Dhurandhar song is very important
Boa Hancock and brook
Jyoti Nooran deserves as much appreciation for Vaari Jaavan and Tere Ishq Ne as Jasmine Sandlas for Jaiye Sajna , what incredible voices they have
Anyone..... Assam
Theater experience
Shashwat Sachdeva is literally cooked & fire
Hamza throwing notes
still can’t get enough of this
Nawaj Sharif acted in Dhurandhar
In real life this scene can be witnessed every year on 2nd November at Mannat, Mumbai
Ranbir Kapoor bol rha AI hai
that's Nawaz sharif
Meanwhile  Prabhas Boss is planning for 1000 cr globally with spirit & 2000 cr with Kalki 2898
Only franchise to hit 3000 cr+
People go crazy On beats
Watching Dhurandhar 2 in Elante Mall Man What a experience
Top of the WORLD
Bollywood khan gang is afraid of this movie ,,,, So insecure and narrow minded that they didn't appreciate it even a bit
Obsessed with every song of dhurandhar
This is experience of masterpiece direction
No new song from Jeet sir is very sad yaar
YRF is cooked
Welcome to the ultimate time machine, legends!
I’ve spent hours in the studio perfecting every transition to ensure this 80s journey is the smoothest and highest-quality experience possible for you in 2026. I truly hope these classic beats fill your day with incredible energy and beautiful memories!
Let's talk: If you could bring back one 80s trend—whether it's the fashion, the tech, or the lifestyle—what would it be? Share your thoughts in the replies!
Wishing you all a fantastic day. Don't forget to Subscribe to keep the retro spirit alive!
The at the end just be a boy dude
“The second girl is such a vibe ” but you don’t know the things she did.
The third girl. My name is Katie and we were hanging out,jk my name is just Katie lol wish!!!!!
the sniffing up the fountdation turning off my volume with this one
The girl who played rather be caught me off guard at the end and also I love rather be
On 2:12 she got me cracking upcause she was read to dance
The second girl is literally the vibe!!!!!  the second girl is literally rhe vibe!!!!!!!!!! 11:46 does the sniffing bother yall too
Bro the last one was so annoying
sitting in the bathroom ordering McDonald’s
That is not samaras shade of foundation
Dude blow your nose or something
Her face second girl
Samara is vibing
Guess who’s SUCH a vibe!
They Do!!!!!
This girl second SLAYS ROCKING 80s
POV me with my concealer  11:25
the eyes
SECOND GIRL IS SO AWSOME
I'm sorry but the last one tho!like bro is breathing so hard, I mean if ur not gon talk turn t he sound off like tf?
The last girl is like, get ready with me to go be depressed in a corner
Im OrAnGe  made rolll on to my pimple
Is it just me or does @Itz_justlola look like Caitlyn Clark like they are both really pretty
The 4 girl when she was talking her mouth wasn’t matching the words
" I LoVe YoU gUYs" -then the pig noise just caught me off guard
I needed this tyy
I can’t look at Samara the same anymore
Bro the boy doing makeup won't stop sniffing like
Where is this place you bought products from ?
Thanks for your recommandations
Girly girly
Love this kind of videos
2. "I Think I Have A Problem With The Secret Service Banging My Mom" (yes that's the full name )
Once, I was in a gc called "The ministry of public health"
(Sending random emojsi for no reason day 94)
Haven’t even watched and I know it’s peak
Kate and mav are like a brother and sister to harper there so kind and supportive to harper. I love this podcast so much
Aww! Poor harper! Tell her that Lexi will always have her back!
Harper is so beautiful sending prayers
Cash was crying on the pod because Kate left
Ik Harper not gonna see this but I struggle with severe OCD as well and Harper is such an inspiration she had genuinely helped me so much I love you Harper keep on going you’ve got this.
The fact that kate said that the boys cry and cash was crying a few episodes ago because kate left
Harper I have the EXACT same top that your wearing
Don't worry Harper every one loves U the way U are
Oh just shut up.
Its not the women are more emotional than men it's that we (women) are more open about our emotions. Well done for speaking out
I love how supportive Mav is, just like her second dad x
Subtle foreshadowing
Harper you are fine
What happened
"it's not always sunshine and rainbows for us" is crazy you get paid to hang out and talk.
Never heard of Kate before but her legs are absolutely beautiful !
It’s so funny seeing this and her saying that Mav and Cash are probably never gonna cry on a podcast and then they end up crying on one because they were in a serious situation.its kinda sad actually.
God knows im going to cry
People here after Harper went to a mental health facility (sooo happy she’s back!!!)
I never that Maverick would do that. What a good person.
Mav would be the perfect dad
Harper's little smile in the end was so cute she's so cute and pretty she doesn't need makeup at all
Why does he sound like a wiser Donald trump?!
y’all so queer hatein
omg this guys clickin ... give him some water
the title
Lots grandsons were not part of the messianic line… that’s where the moabites came from
Is it the US Govt. posing as UFOs? The Russians? The Chinese?
No — Jesus is not descended from Lot or his daughters. Matthew 1:1–17 and Luke 3:23–38 trace Jesus’ lineage through Abraham and Judah, specifically through King David. This guy forgot to ask ChatGPT that.
ChatGPT never said otherwise. Don’t let the smoke twist the scrolls.
Wild starting off at “Chat GPT said” but I’m all ears
Yes yes Lenovo Unboxing
Grab a Hammer, It’s much faster !
What?
Whats up with al this d3th thr3ts to that phone over here....
Which product is this, again and again scratching
he got it
I lost too
so much I don't know what to do anything about
sooo easy
Bro  is   supet  easy
I thought Natalie Reynolds was  90 old. Look at the wrinkles
OMG the way the guy on the floor is in a baby thing
It lowkey makes me sad that everyone was like why is a 20 year old woman saying that to a teenager when harper said the same thing when her and Kate got in a fight.
Love you
Australia  live a couple hours away form Sydney
I love Kate I was just say that Kate did it.  I love Kate so much but Kenzie is my fav
And she’s like it’s fine look at our new merch
My name is Abigail
cash’s face had me dying
Harper  your  makeup  is so beautiful
Why dose he looks like nobrainjames or is this him..
Not the *boo get off the stage* why did I think there was actual fans
Naitile told a homeless person to jump into the lake knowing she can’t swim and she ran when she jumped and she saw an ambulance  drive by
When are you going to Chicago IL
Sivaangi God family
Full Vibe family
This video makes me very happy! Sitting miles away from India, missing home a lot.. stay blessed with your happy family
nice
Blessed to get family like this. Beautiful
Wonderful day. God's grace ma. Me too enjoyed .continue.... Your family get together.
God bless you and your lovely family, this is real vishu. family , family, family
Super family
Nee kore nedunnundallo
Speak malayalam at least for vishu..
Wholesome family   Amazing positive
kutties are so pretty and beautiful
Love from kerala
I got same excitement when I got money from my whole family In Tamil new year
Happy vishu to you and your whole lovely family sivu, I commented some where in your video that you said about vishu money in CWC bhat sir said if we also get money like you (sivu) , sivu you are to all kutties so awesome, yeah I mentioned about earring cuffs if not wrong too , Advance congratulations for your Devi chechi for future Dance Academy, your bro sorry dont know name while showing fireworks is too good like chndramukhi, he is too fun
Sundar such a cutu boy
Happy to see big family, big house and with full of happiness . Family lovely to see
to 24:56 cutuuu
Bro and sis comboo
Apo anda comments meant really true na.... You have changed..... Money may come and go. But happiness and satisfaction.. 300 cr vangura periya actor eh money important illa. Happiness dan important nu irukanga. I hope you understand . Our wish ithu... Nee kandipa pananum.... Watch your old interview for God sake. And see who you were. Do good for others. Help others. Even a little  bit meant by your heart. You will receive abundance in return. Be kind. Be good. Behave well.
Saw a comment on your yt channel, you are showing over attitude and you are such a show off girl when a preson recently met you said  this. This is not the first time, I'm seeing these type of comments on you like this. I know you have said in interviews that veetla silent ah irupen and work la, veliya Jolly ah irupen nu. I believe this is you after Adulting. But what happened to the og... Like  wht happened to your core principles. You said I will treat everyone equal. Will not speak back of others, suthi orukuravangala happy ah vechipen? These are your core. Sivaangi na sweet, kind, loving.... These are words describe you. Mainly tamil people love lam easy ah yarukum kedikadhu. Intha people dan unaku support panuvanga. U have a good market in tamil. You are going to have a good market in malayalam also. Suppose  oru own concert onu pana pora, tickets vanga porathu yaru?. Unna pathavanga.... Nama sivaangi ya meet panirkomey, nalla paduvanga. Apdinu thought varum la. Unnoda dream shop open panra, anga yaru varuva? Accidentally unnoda glimpse vandhu atleast she made my day ah Dan irukanum. Please be little kind to everyone
Amazing positive vibes - Wishing you all the very best Sivaangi
Such a beautiful family you have
Thank you so much for coming to Japan
Couldn’t get to hire a girl to pretend this time ?!!!
I know your freind  he came to my neibor hood and he works to give us internet
Keep posting more videos we appreciate you and support you any one notified here please
Wow this was an amazing video and you’re so handsome. You’ve inspired me to go on my own Tokyo solo trip one day  You’re the best brother
Epic vibe , epic vlog , brutally insane
I hate fish and seafood, just can’t eat it
Solo travelling but a bill for 2  - big Mike always does well - a lady friend in every country visited  legend!!
Very happy to see this natural vibe back - just like the old videos before dubai
You're questioning 750g rice if you have been in middle east those are rookie numbers
hi, If you ever get the chance, please come Bangladesh, and explore beautiful places like bandarban, thaanchi, Saint Martin's Island, debota-mokh, Tindu Bandarban, Sreemangal's tea gardens, Ratargul Swamp Forest, Kaptai Lake, Sajek Valley, and Rangamati. You can also enjoy delicious foods like Kacchi bhai Biryani, Tehari, a variety of small fish curries and mashed dishes (borta), pitha (traditional rice cakes), and other unique cultural foods.
Bangladesh has rich mix of nature, culture, unique history.
Hey what’s up why aren’t you in Dubai?
scared to go back to Dubai! What a coward!
literally got up to flick the bug off my tv and realized it was your camera lmfao
Love these videos. The guy in the gym is so balanced and respectful in his conversation
"That evening in particular I was eaten things I was never eaten before", I knew it when you entered the room
Bro didn’t even check out the car scene
Each to their own but the food looks weird  half the stuff is alive and moving … 25mins for a coffee? Seems a bit far fetched as I’d rather have Arabica any day (I guess it’s the “experience”)
Really enjoy these travel videos
Welcome to Japan
Taking advantage of knowing how to draw
I don't think aliens would come considering how some videos are either cringe or just ai slop
Happily ever after ahh
I just woke up and open my phone and i see ts
oh no they learned
Aliens please Take me with YOU i DONT WANNA live ON earthIf you have a school im going to the Sun to BURN myself
Hahaha they gay and they kissing
The Garbachov kiss parody with Human and Alien is hilarious, no matter how stupid the premise of the joke is
Help- i thought they were wearing layers clothes with chains
Did not expect that ending
Nah, they'd be accused of having "Nuclear Capabilities" and promptly be blasted by tomahawk missiles
Aww man I was expecting Rocky with Grace
that kiss was NOT the wind
7:06 10:39 10:52 all crazy reactions to all small things
so funny
Love it
Oh no the table is broken  5:37
Family issues
Who is  thiscuse is cringe
The best India music
Źabame*everyone laughing*
Not The Butt Got Me Rolling On The Floor
Raise your hand if this was your childhood
The past is beautiful and fun
2026?
Like this part
Ref what do you mean that was a foul
I would have been so mad if that happened to me while I was in a break out
I think no
Good thing the guy didn’t retaliate
He was soo scared,he begged his coach to be subbed
Don't click my name unless you're ready for something different
Smart foul
at least he wasn’t a dick about it. asked for the sub he was probably gassed or they have a rule about yellow cards  made the play and accepted it
For me this is a foul that pisses me tf off. You can’t just grabs someone’s shirt… might as well just foul them the normal way. And the fact he expected to get away with it
You must try ukoy that made in cassava aga
This foodtrip serye Master long is your top buddy he's so generous low-key sharing his food
You must try ukoy that made in cassava aga
W thumbnail btw
Good ending 2: it's not u but your brother just bc u have 1 pc
I was higher when i was 11
i thought that cosplayer was aries akana
147cm that's too short
These goon baits are crazy asf
Not Toga giving him the N-pass
25 seconds into this ai SLOP
Rip but wut he do tho
That dude boiling stuff is trying too hard
bro wat im dying
bro saw it coming and then instinctively spinned around like the people in wii bowling
they took red Vented to seriously
not grandma!!!
so funny lol
How many time will i need to see someone ripping their socks or shoes to sit down
This is why some of my fellow Helldivers shouldn't ever get light sabers. 10:42 Just wish they'd buff the damn chainsword.
this is dope, i learned a lot
cool to see the tech behind it all
cool to see the tech behind it all
wow learned something new today
Bro is watching something in the shower
how do they even know what to put in these machines?
crazy how much i learned in under 10 mins
finally get what all the fuss is about
good info, appreciate it
Bro hates phone cases/covers, buys expensive phones then gets so addicted he takes them in the shower and guess WHAT??! They break in the open slot on the bottom where water can get in
Less cocaine.... W tip for anyone in any profession
The same face
that’s certainly _one_ substitute for a welding mask!
that was no BRICK
My favorite is the one where something unexpected happens
Vsouce is that you?
lol the grandma
My eyes hurt
Not his eyes hurting
I didn't realize the first one was a filter and thought it was a failed prank
Grandma is so beautiful
Grandma’s scream was so cute
The first guy "i know im aging but goddamn".Not a granny she can die from a heart attack
What the heck
The last one was genuine
I am looking my eyes are open!!!?
The way the grandma got scared was so cute what
God (Heavenly Father) sent his only son (Jesus Christ) to the world to save us, Jesus Christ grew up a sinless life and began to preach the good news (which is about God), He did many miracles: He healed the sick, lame, blind, deaf, and more. He even cast out demons and raised people from the dead. But people hated him especially Pharisees and Sadducees because they think that Jesus is blaspheming and that He was an evil man. And they decided to crucify Jesus on the cross and Jesus Christ didn't argue but accepted it. So He was slashed, persecuted, spitted on the face, and people mocked Him. He did this for YOU. Jesus Christ carried the heavy cross, got nailed to the cross, and died there. Yet even those people who are persecuting him, He forgave them. On the third day, He rose from the dead and ascended up to heaven 40 days later. After Jesus defeated satan: Thus doesn't mean we can just sin and live freely whatever we want to. Remember that we were supposed to have faith in God and not to follow worldly things. And that sin SEPERATES us from God. God bless you
Number three got me rolling
Number one got me rolling
The poor child on number three
Bro 1st one has a filter  is it just me
You're funny this
1 2 and 3
“I know I’m Asian but god damn.EUGH” was so funny
The 1 and the 3 got me
Know I'm Asian is diabolical
3th one is funny
How did bro see the filter if his eyes where closed “I FEEL IT THEE SHUT ”
Funny ??
I just reacted to something like this and I was crying laughing  – React w/ Kita B
We need you to return . Greatest highlights video of all time
Men for the sake of our health watch something
No way bro didny put my retro ball team wining there 10th superball
I watch this video about once a month and it always brings me joy. Thank you
Is this a sports video or a Jimmy Savile and Prince Andrew loving soccer bunch of losers?
Greatest sports video ever made! Looking back it’s nostalgic now. Thank you!
My favourite video
& 15:04 Real ones would cry to these
It was raining at pE in school and my class watched this (I’m in Australia btw) and none of my class knew NFL
I still think that this is the best video edit of sports I’ve ever seen after 6 years  still touching me,
Why even bother putting those USA's moments
11:03 happened in back 2 back weeks btw
Arsenal luck
Arsenal will never get past Atlético with that kind of football!!!
I do NOT accept this slander towards Hover flies They are curious little things, literally just hover around looking at stuff. And I'll take that any time over 1. getting my blood sucked 2. getting stung by wasps (I'm cool with bees. Let them unscrew themselves if they sting on accident)
Only in las Vegas
(Sending random emojis for no reason day 93)
Not me literally being the one that gets overstimulated very easily
it’s so funny. I can’t even like talk. She made me choke on my 7-Up. My heart hurts of it from choking.
“BeT bEt” it was so funny!!
UH EXCUSE THE FUCK OUT OF ME? GOT ME SO SO HARD ALSO AND U COUKD SHOVE ALL THOSE ROSES UP YO ASSSS HOW BOUT THAT! IM DYINGGGG IS SHE TAKING A SHITTTT? ALL A BOARDDDDDDDDDDD
made me laugh
The way she screamss like "ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Olivias so funny
Here after the friendship ending…
HOW ABOUT THAT BEACH
Not the “little crash outs”
Oliva put .. shut tf up that slap was meant to be personal
That’s my boy right there I haven’t added on Snapchat and he accepted. Yeah I’m just cool like that.
The screamholy shit 3:54
Olivia's mom is my mom fr
When Olivia slapped the girl that was making her answers l when she said it out loud her hair was like the 2016 everybody wanted
That’s me i look mean or mad but I’m nice bro 0:46
EXCUSE THE FUCK OUT ME
The first one is literally me, and like, i'm being honest
this sh got me dialing 911
EAHAHEHAHEHEAH i know that ma”am 30:44
Hahaha Sophia stop bro, oh umm sorry for that but what is wrong with Olivia like what
What is wrong with Olivia she do weird things like what
the switch up is crazy
i could relate with the soggy food one
Is it just me bc me and my bffr use Lourdes saying like this anit the red carpet
This part  was way to funny  23:50
Not me taking a shit
Do what was the reason from Cardi b 23:45
Terrible price to performance, but I still wanna build it
My man, your opinions on anime just became trash
I dont get all this hate on solo leveling, yeah it didnt deserve all those awards and anime of the year, sure, but that does not make it bad
Off topic, but WHY DOES HE LIKE MID LEVELING
Try to do with like 600 to get better gpu
Genuinely forgot the 50 dollar bill exists for a moment
God the moment I heard the solo leveling comment I knew the forced hate comments would come through  literally nothing wrong with it, watched many animes and it’s an incredible adaptation nearly identical to manwha, so annoying
Love bro's taste and knowledge in PC building... Not in anime
Bro got bad choices like 1st anime he doesn't hate is what
Imma dislike this just because of the L anime take
Only 2TB? Man I admire that 80 gigs I have left
300 dollar fans, thermal paste, hdd?
I got asus rx6750xt rog strix for $250
convince my pc to buy me a cat. upgrade from a hamster, ive had it for 3 weeks. the next gen shelter kitten 5060 may last me around 7 years or more
It will work but you are way too inefficient. That A+ rating is for Systems with 1000W, not with 400W like this build
How about 2 of these gpus?
Can you not put your products right in the middle of the screen please
Bro doesn't hate literally the worst anime ever made
Another loss for the Blind
Hey! Gotta few questions for y'all.. Since Ur here, Ur probably struggling. So genuinely, Have you eaten today? Drank? Have you been sleeping enough? Are you actually happy? Do you love yourself? Are you mentally tired. It's okay to rest. Take a break, You deserve it
I don't really like the cursing in these videos
oh that hurts.
If your feeling lost remember Jesus is the way truth and light to lead you right out of it but the road to follow him won't always be easy come to him first with your struggles and repent he died for your sins also not trying to force or anything OBless you and may you have a great rest of
to anyone who needs to hear this, even thought i don’t know you, i will ask you if you have eaten. i will ask you how your day is. i will listen to you. i will give you hugs and hold your hand. i will let you vent. i will cry with you. i will love you like nobody has before. your an important person and people love you. i know you might not believe me when i say that but it’s true. because i do. no matter what you look like or how you act i will always love you. and god does to.  if you need someone to talk to late at night i will stay up and talk to you. if you ever think your not enough, come to me. you can come to my house and you can go with me to places. i love you and so does our lord and savior.
Watching this at 2am and crying because I know I'll never be enough for my parents no matter what I do!
That video in frog in everything is leave lil bro alone
Bombastic side eye
Temu jackson
Me the whole time
The mj one was like  4 Percent of him being the real mj
Wth happened to the shoe?
My one slipper landed on my teachers desk...
Lol it's so funny
the first one is the only one that made em laugh
Nice
The thumbnail
"I can’t stop laughing
Fuck
Why is the frog cute
Michael Jackson from Temu got me laughing so hard and so hard
No not the frog crying
That slipper want flying like a
Not the shoe flying off
Leave it alone bro 4:GOT ME DYING
That was so funny. I almost died because that was so funny. I almost died because I was took my food.
The 'meep'
Thanks for putting dates on your posts. I wish others would follow your example.
Also, thanks Meidastouch for telling the truth.
Ugh. Trump will be held accountable by We the People .
Trump didnt handed anything , especially it has never belonged to america
You nailed it Brett !
People truly don't understand what they did ignoring the warnings and electing DT. You know they don't because all they talk about is what's important to them. But the actual damage from ALL that has been done will take decades to heal and correct. They all should be able to see how very wrong they were yet, some still have the nerve to say what they like or that he's changedor will bend over backwards lying and exaggerating and gaslighting while they intentionally are hurting the people and the country. They all willfully ignore the truth. How can we ever reach a civil, supportive and service state of being with hardened wrong mindsets and people refusing common sense logic. People with dark hearts and those who sit silent and idle while cruelty is being done to others when they have a lot more power just by their color alone to truly change laws, introduce bills and fight to ensure safe passage for all. It's truly a scary time.
Thanks for Sharing this information with us,Brett&MTN UNBELIEVABLE&DESPICABLE&UNACCEPTABLE
A no show to Congress? So guilty by omission. Grab it, bag it, burn the trash. But nonviolently
. Loser, unfortunately it’s all at the cost of American soldiers and dollars.
imagine that.
Love how brief and concise you report the news
Bastards should have given every American a$1500.00…. Check…Why the H’l Not?   ..
Thank you Meidas Touch for always keeping us updated with the truth!
What is don jr & eric Doin?
Can't afford healthcare or food stamps for American citizens, but the grifter in Chief can extort 10 billion dollars in taxpayer money because his feelings got hurt. Surely even this do-nothing Congress should have something to say about that. Although I'm sure he's going to try and complete the transaction and spirit the money away to Qatar or Argentina before the midterms.
I hope he didn't get a cut on the toll.
You Meidas Bros give good info ~ i like the shorts & can search then. Investigating reporters are showing the truth. There are some Clickbait, & some  use the devils language/cursing because of their frustrations, so i usually don’t recommend them but others I do ~thank you very much & ing you both seek God’s Truth above worldly truth.
Canadians come by here … holy smokes!!!
amazing play game teknik hand to boll
Why is correa always the victim
lmao That catch face.
I will gif this video 5 s
Baseball rlly fun asf miss it
MLB | Top Plays of the Week 2025 brings the heat with jaw-dropping catches, clutch hits, and highlight-reel moments you’ll want to watch on repeat!
Hello could you please bring baseball game for my country of Trinidad and Tobago for the kids and men's and women's the name of my country is Trinidad and Tobago
MLB | Top Plays of the Week 2025 brings the heat with jaw-dropping catches, clutch hits, and highlight-reel moments you’ll want to watch on repeat!
Dustbia forever Duo.kudos to all dustbia admin and cheffies
Thank you Thank you Lord you give us peace  in Jesus Name Amen
The baby in 1 sec
He was trying to mog the camera
Why did the baby smile like that
The baby said ewww is this my father it's uglier than it looks like
What is that face smile
Wtf is that smile
What a weird smile
WoW a good smile
This is extra funny at 3 am gng
Is that a smiling baby
that smile scarred me for the rest of my life
It's look like a coolkid
POV:my smile when i am going to disnyland
He looks like a Chinese baby lol
Everyone is talking about the smile meanwhile me:- maybe he split on his friend intentionally
This is my bother
I drink water then
Bro the baby just became a new meme
That smile make me
guys it's not funny anymore
Really this is this he put himself it means he's smiling
The boy he pooped his Self
500 likes! Link for resources is in the description!
Does this types of video get monetize
Thank you so much i learned a lot
Guys can you help me with cupcut  l am a bigginer help me if you can
I got 2k views in 2 days
Thanks brother!!
Thanks so much  Would it be possible to do all the editing on a smartphone?
when you say to add your branding are you saying add my own brand/account name? Or do you mean add the content creators brand to avoid copyright? thanks for the help and awesome video by the way easy and simple
The first king Von 1 the 1 with black look like king Von
The girl who flipped off her brother
Is nobody talking about when it says “I’m gunna get u” and he starts chasing her. LIKE WHAT!! don’t want to here that
I'm just saying you're cute but can you play Roblox with me and we can do some tic tacs together do you want me to come to my birthday party February 18th birthday party but can you send me that you are coming to my birthday party February 18th Rihanna Rihanna do y'all got a man cuz I do love you
like all these are cute but like you know bro y'all think you're cute all the time like we already talked to y'all do this turkey and stuff y'all think boys don't like that no no no no no no no no no no no no no
OMGG THTA THE GIRL MOM:OHHHHH PUT IT DOWN
well dang, how I get in the video 2:08
that one friend who swear he ain gay
i knew they was gone make a tiktock dance out of blue face song
Bro plays as a Mage
I won't do that... Stay calm bro
These thumbnails are top tier. I laugh before clicking the vids
It's amazing how even KKK ghosts and ninjas can unite to hate on hasbin hotel fans
I fell off and stopped watching these for like a month but I’m back now
(Sending random emojis for no reason day 96)
What a game! Such resilience for the Sang&Or! Well deserved victory
*Maybe the real Terraria vs. Minecraft was the mods made along the way...*
*A HUGE shout out to @lil_raffi_ on TikTok for this sensational clip!!!*
Oh, that doesn’t look to fun
That's the reason why I quit terraria. Because it was too complicated for me.
Hpw tf does the Terraria even beat ts , its also funny how im doing an calamity wrath of gods playthrough, so i will have to fight him too.
This is more like touhou to me man
HOW DID THIS FUKAH DODGE THAT (cosmic super god only laser beam)
What is terraria even about
Calamity is easier with friends
Imagine if instead of playing around the boss, you were 20 blocks away instead.
okay on a serious note,why are people still comparing these two. its getting a decade old,just hate one side NOBODY cares man
Power scaling in this game is crazy, from chopping trees and exploring caves to somehow getting strong enough to 1v1 4th dimension gods, man wtf
If yall call this an eldritch horror look at the avatar of emptiness from the same mod
One milisecond of not dodging and everything is gone bro
Hearing his casual voice he kinda sounds like Yardis
At this point what the frick are we even fighting bro
Please do a two hour video with Jeremy wade the man the myth the legend must come on your show the one who stopped filming shows because he caught all the fish
So he’s doing all this for free .they are going to keep that land like everything else they have stolen
Snitching in the Amazon is krazy
lying ass dude
The coca farmers aren’t the problem they can’t make any money on any other product and the narcos take advantage of them also
This guy joe rogan gotta be the most funniest person i’ve met put a gambling addiction helpline to talk about using his code to get more money to bet on draft kings
How come he have all these stories  abt jj and unwanted ppl
I believe in you brother don’t take advice from people that aren’t even doing half your doing bro keep going
Brother’s nose so big it got me wondering what’s true of all this
You don't think the big government embedded narcos will notice if a bunch of artisanal Growers disappear lOL they can't have that they're all intertwined
best believe no matter the context, bringing up big deadly predator never fails to amaze Rogan
Joe “they know what a drone is ” Rogan
Bro said. These aren’t the type of people we really need to worry about. But minutes later we findout they put a hit out on his, and JJ’s heads sounds like they’re a big bigger scale than we’re letting on … just stay safe out there Paul
I like how Joe and everyone pretended like we didn't hear the brothel part
Today, Joe found out that people know what a drone is.
Wtf is going on with Joe’s posture lately
8 months on a Narco Hit list and he still alive?! This guy is full of shit
Its something...one set of humans gets to dictate "morality" to another set of humans, smfh....
Rogan needs to lay off the weed. He'll invite any bs storyteller on. I guess this type of fiction works since people dont read books amymore
I call bullshit on this dude. Police helped him...yeah right
Driving sounds were composed by Hein Ziemmer  bruh got me
The microphone was above your head... You were pointing at a speaker.
The color looks so cool
Chinese luxury brands have way more tech than this
Sounded expensive to purchase & to maintain! That's why most experienced car mechanics owned vehicles that are as manual & mechanical as possible with minimum electronics & Normally Aspirated Engined for less headache , heartache & more economical ownership!
Bro... What the heck  composed by Hanz Zimmer??? I don't know if to believe him or not someone please tell me
I respect the homage to Forest because a lot of mfs been following his shit! The copycats
Being cool while being sarcastic!! Love it!  But that car is nuts!!
Did this guy just insult a bmw where is that Tom Hardy edit
The next video youtube gave me was the same BMW with Forrest
"Hey guys, my name is not Forrest"
Ugly car? I know He is saying it's amazing. But, When did we start using the opposite adjective to express our amazement ?!
MKBHD has its facts clear enough to see what is great than is to Forrest.
That’s not a car. Can’t be a car. What is that??!? A spaceship wannabe?!
The tv in that Beamer is better then the tv at my house
I have one and I’m loving it. After about 2 months, my honest review: The battery may be smaller but I have limited the battery to charge to 90% but still get full day use on it. The screen is larger than the standard 17, the camera is still great for everyday use. However sometimes where you want that wide angle shot you cant get it. You can work around it with using the upgraded wide selfie camera for wide shots you just not going to see the photo until it’s taken
2 months in i turn it off and put it to charge,then turn it back on it was stuck on transfer mode couldn’t even turn it off ,the other thing something when typing it wont type
Iphone pixel
Mono Air Speaker sounds terrible!
Sold my iPhone 14 Pro 512 GB to get the air and it’s amazing
I thought bro was holding a black pen on the cover
Had mine since launch  Absolutely no problem with this phone, I’m not a power user - but I do get great onscreen time through the day & have about 30/40% bat at the end of the evening - waking on 90% charge.
It’s an absolute delight to own
I haven’t watched this channel since I was 13 obsessed with getting the next Apple product but just looked up the title of this as a question.. good ol’ reliable, mkbhd.
Tecno Pova Slim is a copy or iPhone Air
Xioami mi 11 Lite 5G NE( new edition ) buy its 80 usd its better slimmer lighter and way way way better then Iphone Air ..Apple its selling AIR to you
Why make it thin if the camera sticks out like that
Apple ,,, for the love of god stop focusing on “how thin can we make the iPhone” or “how fancy can we make the iPhone “ and just work on the freaking battery,,,  I own 3 apple products, battery life is pathetic .
The poor battery life and terrible speaker quality are dealbreakers for me. Despite being the only two flaws, they’re annoying enough that I’m ditching the iPhone Air and switching back to my Pixel 10.
I only have two complaints, but they're big ones: the battery life is weak and the speakers sound horrible. Honestly, these two issues combined are annoying enough for me to give up on the iPhone Air and go back to my Pixel 10.
There are only two things I don't like: how fast the battery drains and how thin the speakers sound. Even though it’s just two issues, they are frustrating enough to make me ditch the iPhone Air and head back to my Pixel 10
Got my air had it release haven’t changed my phone in 2 days sitting at 23% battery fire for the overall simple user it’s a dope phone. “Believe it when it see it” told me off rip he brought it just not to even try it
The speaker is not at the bottom
Seems like all those cow urine he drinks came flown to his brain   such shit!!
Tum sab joker ho
Faizal khan is trying to prove himself as a most loyal dog
Actually, This name is really meant to get a lot of views,  idiot
Actually he is very clever. He intentionally diverts the main issue .He knovery well that this question is very sensitive. In India there are many cases in different courts in the country against the dispute of waq of board. It is told that a section of powerful people of Muslim somaz have captured a large area of wak of land illegally for years. So a section of people requested to take step to solve this issue.
Khan shows her reality of colour today...
He is downgrading himself
Islam is very very beautiful religion I love Islam
indian analysts
Ask him wats answer
Ye admi Muslim hai hi Ni
Sir has no understanding of real Islam. Because true Islam does not exist in the UAE, Qatar, or Indonesia. True Islam is found in Saudi Arabia, Iran, Afghanistan, Somalia, Pakistan, and Bangladesh. This is because devout Muslims do not even consider the people of the UAE, Qatar, or Tajikistan as real Muslims. They see them as agents of the disbelievers. If Sir were born in Bangladesh, Saudi Arabia, or Iran, he would have known this from regular religious people. Sir is definitely learning about Islam from ChatGPT. He hasn’t read any Islamic books. Because ChatGPT always highlights only the positive sides of religion.I know because l am Bangladeshi ex Muslim.
Go mutra khor
Chalak bro
Tum log Sirf baty kr skty ho
Why am I seeing this in 2026?
why did this just show up in my feed 2 years later?
Just YouTube recommendations doing it's work...
Looks awesome...amoled is rough on the eyes....the color saturation is amazing for NXTPAPER  display...and the pricepoint is NXTLEVEL
I've got a TCL TV. This could be the start of as new "environment."
Why we getting this 2 years later
How did I miss this 2 years ago?
Who else is seeing this in 2026
Please send me one
Who else is seeing this 2 years later
This kind of look like my note 10 lite of Samsung
Ram expansion is the biggest scam
it lagged on the wallpaper loading
Good for kids
"RAM Expansion"
Please gift me brother iphone 16 pro max My dream
nice appearance，how about the chip？
Why does it look like the OPPO Reno 11 f 5g
Where are you watching this from?
We are  checking every comment
Blessed since niskie siko fiti
Matata to the world
Where is marioo kwa video
Video choreography is out of this world
Akon _ lonely am so lonely, I've no body,am on my ooon , I woke up in the middle of the night,and I found my girl is not on my side
Bro this actually feels like a moment
We love this jam  the video is epic
Here  in mombasa..2.5.4 for real..
Sema Tu ng'oonyi
Where is Marioo
Mahn I just love your creativity in everything feom music production to video production.. Every song is unique on itself... Big up Matata
The world as hostage nice ...
Lol ON OFF, ON OFF. Take that on off switch away from them.
Send me a reminder to check the status after 30 days
Whenever trump ask for ceasefire, he actually went to ATM to either took more money, regrouping his army, or resuplying israel, there is no way they can keep their end of deal. Just keep attack em iran, let their money bleed, the moment they runsout of money their ship going to sunk on their own
I  Trump . The way Iran acts towards there own people is on its way towards us all.
Well done Iran. Keep the Strait closed until  their ports are unblockaded
david horowitz  award   edward st editor laura. The angle hmmm
Trump started all this
Dumpster and  his greedy billionaire friends  making  tons of money over  this while ppl  starve is absolutely  sickening and  disgusting.  No MORALS coming from the severely  corrupted  USA.  the entire US Government  is abhorrent  and
The Iranians are upset with the US blockade so the reinstitute their own blockade?
Orange you glad you didn't vote for this clown
Impeachment Now  the Art of No Deal Trump
How and why would Hezboiranhammas want or strive for PEACE?  It's against the very fabric of Islam
Tit for tat!
But how is it possible since Iran has no navy, airforce, missiles and missile launchers left?
Bruh bruh the last one was the funniest thing I ever seen
freak that guy who mod America I’m America
My dad cheated with my mom with an asian with closed eyes i wondered how they see
You ArE sUcH an AsSHoLe 4+ Ruth me dying
not the "I'm illegal" that got me dead
Nahhh that laugh was from the airport
I think, bro speak Chinese
You are such an asshole got me laughing
Bro the 4th one let me thinking “ dang this guy got the china voice better respect him before he cook me with roast “
Number 1 is wild he use his mic say this boy
2 was crazy
What’s the main idea  cracked me up , I would of said you
Noovoo thapas iruku naa thumbline
Bro joystick must ah?
Anna enoda epic games library la lot of games claim la irukku but atha use panna mudiyala on mobiles, i tryed in many mobiles with same account please  upload seperate video for mobile anna
Hi FF 1v1 please my uid 10100807843 please please please
Enna bro kashala ma
Please make a video and run on ipad
Bro i try log in but its not work
Bro did not work for me
Bro it's my dream to get a pc fr im not lying bro
This guy is the only one in the world who makes me laugh
The 5th one got me
This is the funniest mercuri videos I ever see
Funny, I can’t even stop laughing
The 7 one was funny to me
I don’t know how to explain this but I think it’s a good idea to make sure that you have a
This is so dang funny I can't stop laughingI love these videos
I get in trouble because I am watching this because I've been taking a long time
I like how he got beaten it was so funny he get thrown around. Everyone slapped him and then boom
Now the moon is smiling back at us and I see these 2 dazzling planets as the eyes
The bubble gum death
The 5th one was so funny
Me in angry 1:42
the macaroni with the chicken strips
Not trying to make fun of you  but is  your eye okay? i’m your biggest fan. I love your videos
I can’t stop laughing it’s so funny!
Bro that face is killing me  7:45
Brian: “hey!”   just like when Brian said to Andrew: “Andrew, stop it”
Omg she pok ed the wrong mama. Look at her. The only thing I'm getting out if her is calories
Andrew wasn't lying when he said, "I'm the nice one!"
Racheal is a beast!!! She make Andrew look soft and nice in comparison…. What a true badass
the Wilsons are the GOATs
That heffer is unf@ckable pos
Who in there right mind would think that a cow is beautiful that is just strait up nasty
" You're a heifer..." OMG that's so funny
But their getting something out of you, what is she talking about, what a fucking dummy
Rachel downgrades her for "snarky insults"; then proceeds  to call her a useless heifer. Oh the irony; especially when the guys talk smack about all the baby daddies. Rachel has three baby daddies; more hypocrisy there. Brian and Andrew have many valid points but seem to play by a different set of rules.
Go Racheal...
ALL HEFFER CAN DO IS STAND ON A POOR DOGS TAIL AND WATCH IT DIE!!!!!
She knows she’ll never find a husband that will support her so she’s bitter.
GORLOCK SAYS THEY ARE GETTING SOMETHING OUT OF YOU. Lol.
I was in upper school in the eighties and by the time I got there I'd heard every insult that could be thrown the way of a skinny ginger kid, at home was the youngest of five . Not a person on this planet could hurty my 'feelings'.
ABSALUTE BLISS
The remixes people created off this song have created is just
all of this because of 4 words btw
I genuinely feel bad for jax, kinger, and Zooble
I’m so exited for episode 9 the movie big fan glitch
I watched this 1 million times probably
caine needs some medicine
Half the fandom is probably too young to even understand the I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream reference
Her hair.      r.     (I can’t spell her name) 0:27
"No need to scream if you don't have a mouth" actually scared me..
I love how caine flys like "she was a fairy"
Uhm Caine why do you look like that
sad the song was made by an AI
'Rest this Sunday because closing time is very close.' I wonder how closing time can be very close when there are still 2 months left until June, Caine?
My fav are love nwantiti , calm down and   shake it to max  I was hearing love nwantiti now
Babes calm down
But where are the Africans?! Surely you could have showcased them and their dances  all these culture vultures geeeeez
Guys I’m samarlien samarlien is a dangoruse place in Africa
4:.    Me:i love my titie oill myy goOOOoooOOoo
So where are the Africans?
I think shake it to the max should be the number 5 because I don't think it sound good and it did not sing. It loud either also it was saying it to slow so I think you should have put shake it to the max in the 5th place
I am from nigeria
People that are from nigeria
Eleven Sweden bed and fram Afrika Är
I know 3/5! (but im not African, im from Finland!)
Shake it to the max is from afrika
Shake it to the max
Number 1 Is Ghana clock that
I love People,Calm down and shake it to the max
This song was a cool
The useful idiot is now just an idiot
GOD ALWAYS HAVE A PLAN keep PRAYING people of GOD and watch everything follow. GOD WILL WIPE all this corruption wide open and some.Amen. GLORY HALLELUJAH to our LORD GOD JESUS CHRIST FOREVER and EVERMORE.Amen
Dems Republicans same treason but different colored team. Fox News have you still been peddling that hate and division through borderline misinformation and propaganda or are you a real news station now? I mean at one point your whole channel was just Trump TV made to pander directly to our orange baby and cheif. Nobody likes sellouts especially in the news industry. Traitors.  God bless America!
Use someone and then toss them in the trash. I think this nation is just barely beginning to wake up and see what deep corruption has been going on for many years. I truly believe that people should be tried for treason against the United States!
Thank you hallelujah god really exist
What dirt did you have on you before you disclosed your affair?? Why throw rocks?? Lmao stop
They all dirty and some took it all the way
I got money that says his name get in redacted from the list
You can't tell me that's not organized crime.Any I won't believe you
The useful idiot until he was not. He became a problem in the California government elections, with too many Democratic candidates. Now there is one less,  well done!
They knew about his shady stuff for a very long time and kept quite
She worldwide
bro started pissing the counter
The last one
Last one gives that one pick me girl vibes
The last one got me diying
Girl, you look like something I drew with my left hand
People are being so mean
where did madison beer go
Cough* Cough* guys the answer is……. She isnt
Lol that's not a homeschooled kid
“I’ve always been the most prettiest girl in class ” me like I’m does she have a mirror? If not ima buy her one I feel bad
Remembering backthen. I had almost killed myself skateboarding. That accident hurt really bad and sore for days. Just not again.
Girl that one question where people keep asking you how are you so pretty? It’s because you’re two parents. You should be thanking them and that’s the answer to your question. Boom, boom boom boom boom there yes you are very beautiful.
Where are the girl's eyebrows
The last one
Brochiliecheesesteak lives on mars or smth
It’s 12:00 you don’t know how funny this is
That scream was personal
To the British eyebrows
In dying laughing about cheese
Bro is cooked now
My friends be like
Thats the effect of the magic mirror
She’s probably homeschooled is crazy
I like whene someone ask me like : what's your phone is name? I respond  it's Nothing phone
Nothing is one ofy favourite android phones and video and camera are very decent
I agree because even their flagships are breaking down and you have to change the motherboard. I mean I got the Nothing Phone 2 early 2024 and the phone needs a new motherboard early this year. Never been disappointed
Who's here after nothing ceo's reaction on mkbhd
First time ever really watching a phone review lol but this was gr8t
Nothing
Personally I'd rather they don't struggle and fade like Oneplus is. Just space out your flagship products and make them a bigger deal when you announce them
I know why they locked the ‘make ur own image’ in the backthe swastikas and D will be insane
I really like that little screen on the back. It’s super unnecessary.
Daddy
The last one was so happy
Bro just went for it
That chimp shirt got me
The last one
The last one at the end thooo he was so proundddd
The lock
The last dad really waited for that exact moment LOL
Amen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
No way
Dad is always dan
Its LT
That shirt was awesomee its literally perfect for his bodyy
Wow
4
The last one
The last dad looks so happy
Yow
i like the last one HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Lol
lol
The flip
the last one is so funny
X to release got me
That number 4
dad released himself
The 2nd dad tho
The dad
the last one was happy af
Hahaaa 1 is great
I have 26 now
I have a S25 samsung but it is very expensive
S24U users are toxic asf
I love Samsung, but I don't have one
Imagine having to search for an app in an emergency
My baby s25 ultra arrived today and I love it
These now be dustbins
S24 ugly and bulky ew
Bro nobody believes Samsung is better
S25  ultra is cool.....But majority is with S24 ULTRA
Put the silver rings of the 24 on the 25 it looks much better
S25ultra is better than S24u and S24u is better than S23u and S23u is better than S22u and S22u is better than S21u annnnnd S21 is better than S20. Hence proved Samsung is Goat
25 is a Normal phone modal
But I regret it because I should have bought the 512 GB one for the same price online
Gift me one
landen was like challenge: accepted the beat came out sooo good
Cool music. I loved it
I subscribe to you all of your video I want you to have 1 million likes and subscribe
Look at tho
This is blue song
This mixing on the spot is insane!! Awesome creativity!!
how it you  the tat
Landon fr so underrated
He is macing the song I'm blue  indid im gonna die
Thank you for using my song!  (the song is “Sidewalks and Skeletons - Goth” for anyone wondering!)
Half of the time they hit a grounder right to second lol
#8 is a classic
NFL
Where’s my little ninja? Alexi Amarista
Each 1. Is a Spark, of the REaL U/You/, and US. And US, not United States abbreviation
Literally 6 of these 8 plays are on the “satisfying plays” video
Dude Bartolo was already grinning when he released that behind the back
I love watching amazing baseball!!! Little Leaguers with grown up testosterone
This is why these boys get paid the big bites to entertain us and to win the cup for their city. Thank you for posting the best for us to see cheers
Baseball my favorite game
Like The Presidente in home play
Just fatties on the fields
Smooth plays without Cano? It's a crime...
I can watch this over and over!!!
I really love and admire your content raj sir
Cred is the worst rothdu company...i work in Google and handled one of their GCP projects ...they cry just for 500 rs. loss...they cry like baby....I said itna bda organisation he 500 Rs. k liye ro rhe ho ...mujse lelo 500 Rs. ...podcast me baatein badi badi
Ye sab bak***i life mein kab karne ko milega.Guys live your life...have passion and give your 100% and enjoy the process and struggle. Thats it. Don't overthink when to say sorry and when to say F* u
Correct tilte should be "How should one Build oneself"
Ranveer Allahbadia Listening closely to this
Vote for chalange vid
am i going crazy or did i hear a crunch  0:48
god i love the original vid so much it gets me everytime
Okay, that one was
I burst out laughing louder than I had in a long time.
"she is dead tonight"
what my dreams have been like lately
I didn’t know I needed this shit until it hit
Funnest memory I’ve ever had with my dad being at this game
let’s go “ M’s” i so much believe I cry when I think u all prove the haters wrong
Oh, that was awesome. Thanks so much for putting that together. Always loved Jim - he's amazing. As Canadians he's done us very proud.
12 minutes somehow still isn’t enough—Jim Carrey at his funniest is just nonstop chaos  every clip hits.
His face alone is a punchline
Me & Jim have something in common, we’ve both done LSD loads of time
I forgot how insanely energetic Jim Carrey is—this man doesn’t just act, he becomes chaos  Absolute legend.
- His SNL sketch with the great song "What is love?" of Haddaway     /     - His "happy new year" sketch of 2000     /     - The I think Golden Globes moment where he was talking to Spielberg and imitating E.T. and a raptor to show he could've played these roles but Steven never hired him in any of his movies.
Viewing from Papua New Guinea.. My admired comedian and Hollywood movie star Jim Carry... The best of its film a like is the Mask if Jim Carry...
Epstein-Filesmake him become famous again...
i heard he's still looking for Greg
He’s absolutely my favorite ,he’s like a fresh air in Hollywood because he really does what he likes ,he’s naturally this way ,he’s amazing !
Jimdonesia Is Kind of Funny
When he met Jerry Lewis. Priceless moment.
In a world that Trump is dismantling we need Jim more than ever
Canada is very proud of you Jim, keep it up
I love everything about it ... no words
Who’s here from tiktok
Simply wow
K fee comercial
O rly got me
why isn't bad day included
The music is funny
I may not be born in the 90s, but I swear I heard this in smurfs movie
it's raining tacos
azure is a chicken when since
I am so glad I don’t have parents like this
Ma mom always bodyshamed myy susret for being rat And me for being to skinny
Is it bad that 80% of these remind me of my mother?
She’s on her 8th dui and nobody wants to talk to her so she spends all day on Facebook
and YOU'RE making it for me to eat
And jokes make you laugh when said they're not jokes from the mom
"Why are all your friends calling you a bad b*tch?" because I am one mom
( ik it’s prob just your irl tattoo, butttttttttt I still had to point it out  … )
“some out there has it worse so you don’t have a right to feel this way “ that’s a thing I used to tell myself when I was really depressed and that sentence brought back that memory
Bro why do they always think that taking your phone away will fix your depression  like you just made it worse!
the Mickey Mouse behind her is so funny
I’m genuinely angry
My mother is literally a witch
I wonder why my daughter doesn’t visit me!
The last one order a monster burger, but in her head she order a Caesar salad with avocado. It’s all about perception!
Hi and I hope everyone is safeAmen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
as a white girl, my laughs are so much more obnoxious and loud it’s not even funny anymorei wheeze basically
I'm the one with the feast
I like the feast
Those laughs put me deeper in the hole
Nah but IK they drooling looking at her food the whole time
For real, it sounds like their all just uncomfortable
Only one won't be hungry later
The Last girl was also the thinnest
I like the feast better
Finally a fellow big back (I’m trying to be funny not mean so don’t attack me please some of these insults are brutal)
They all trying so hard to life like it was funny they life the same too
Why y’all hating on Caesar salads  why say they’re unhappy because I straight up order them at restaurants because they’re sooooo much better than homemade. My top 3 ordered foods are steak, fettuccine, and caesar salad. Just because you’re eating a salad doesn’t mean you’re trying to diet or fake eat healthy. I know the dressing isn’t good for you, I eat it for the taste
Those aren't women Epstien those are little girls
this is feeling so hot
That's a work of art, I can't stop looking at it!
i dont think so
Why is funny
The Thread of fate
Why is Pierrot so cute
Gonoodle is better then that guys content
Do not EVER slander gonoodle like that again. See what happens when you get on ALL of our last nerve
I have diabetes but one of my veins look like a hidden Mickey(I have no life.)
I was waiting on the goon pic
What was that cr!ngey ahh song at the end
What in the actual fuck do they got my man muscleman doing
Bro wasn’t there in 2018 ish when everyone was hitting the gonoodle, im telling you everyone stood up and danced
too advanced for the shorts
WE are ALL gon be running the red carpet
Nah that first one a lil too relatable
as someone who did Gonoodle, what are these glazers talking about that was not it
whoa watch out we got timmy tough knuckles over here
what why is the first clip of them dancing so good
my ahh somehow read that as goonpoodle
WHAT is that beat in the 3rd meme
Wow, she wants a medal.
Now there's a godess lads.
so you have money but no wanna pay
What's ironic is that a man can live without a woman and be perfectly happy.
LOUDER!!! SO these Feminists can hear you haha Salute!
I took my girl shopping today.
But she’s also saying you can work your butt off without the whole world seeing your butt
She didn’t need a man - I bet most of the YouTube tutorials she watched were made by men
i raised two little boys,not my own and i can tell you it was fabulouse
That "good for you" was so full of jealousy
Stop the cap
I bet that house is crooked as hell
Next time you think about being an ungrateful c*nt think about this
i appreciate & admire the honesty displayed by this Queen
A degree in statistics. Thats like saying I went to college for data entry
What about the electrics
The iPhone 17 is the best all rounder you can get. I went from iPhone 12 to the 17 I could literally feel the buttery 120hz display as soon as I started using it
Just got my first iphone and it is iphone 17 white
Period and this color is too clean
I took my first I phone at it was 17 by far I think it’s best
Excellent phone but battery is a bit
12 to 17 and it is best
Wish they made 17 plus
Love mine, but the battery life is quite underwhelming and it overheats on calls, even with a ThinTect case
Just upgraded from a iPhone 13mini and gotta say it’s been worth it. Pretty happy with my purchase. I got the sage with the green case
Battery  and heat issues
Just bought my iphone 17  few days ago. And its amazing
It does not have a finger print scan
Jus now bought today 17 and it's super awesome and satisfied! Next 5 to 8 years gonna enjoy using it
Yeah for me iphone 17 is the best phone
I have the sage color, it’s just fantastic!
I was never interested in iPhone except when iPhone 17 came out  it's seems so good tbh.
My wife had 17 over 17 pro because of the color purple
17 is
Watching this on my 16+ and it feels like a dinosaur
Its the best iPhone i‘ve ever had
My dream phn
Feeling good with my first iphone decision
So fires  i love mine been a great phone
Hi would someone like to find a new game i have on its brawlstars
or something like a LAND FILL falls from sky in pslbut make it smaller all all screen with controller customization lights
Ahhh that was ps2 game
I will play gta6 using this device on phone
This is literally a ps portal but better
Pov u are a mobile gamer
It is vey bad you’re insulting ps5
Fraud alert: BitFlasher-Gen-V2.5 creates fake BTC transactions that look confirmed. Escrow is your safest option.
Aalooo khalo
I purchased this this litrly good broo
Aloo khaoge
Youtube video
What Channing Tatum tryna recreate this time
What a game! Who else watched till the end?
Neymar not playing breaks my heart
When is the last time Brazil  beat France ?
Without Neymar  Brazil can’t make big difference?
So confusing. Brazil was in French blue kits. And the score display had France in blue. France should have worn yellow green kits to make it even more confusing.
Them guys talking making the game worse no cap
Brazil is all Flare NO substance
Neymar Would Score This Goal
It never happened like that
It never happened like that
Brazil not winning to FIFA world cup 2026 without Neymar Junior
Brazil loss because Neymar jr not Play
Argentina will be champions world cup 202 no doubt
Bro full vlog anantu please
What great patience, will and effort it took
Just for that, that's crazy
You post this on my birtjday
A magnet makes this very easy
In India, when something is impossible to do, there is a say "Bhuse me sui dhundhna"/"Finding needle in the Hay"
I would have bought a strong magnet
SMFH
Mofukaz be bored as hell without weed
I’m wating for episode drop
I’d do that for like 10000$
The first songs lyrics is flashlight Right?
Bro i got disconected at the end but my location it activated
If it is the stalker whyd they expose themselves
I played this and it is soooo scary
What’s the game called I want to check it out
What that crazy
That's crazy !!
I found the creepy easter egg in the grave i will gave you a video
They have a game like this when you can’t type Billie Jean
Roblox I don’t wanna download please delete the download please I didn’t do anything bad please
I played it once and someone in my server had the key and I got itedit: I mean I got the location.
What in the actual heck did I just watch  - that's not...Nervracking
June the 2nd? …… That’s my birthday
Seeing the real photo lowk made my heart sink cuz i only saw the blacked out face one. Seeing a real face of a supposed victim is creepy
@27:34 is a electric skateboard, you can h ear the hum of the wheels and hub motors
this is just so stupid
I'm crine bro what is SCP-096 doing bro
That finger cracking got me dead
, the hell just happened
twitching fingers=  and 6:08 bro lost his job sad
That Linkin park cosplay really got me
All I remember about this compilation is nothing but fart jokes
That thumbnail is hecka goofy
that ain't no lake that's a black hole
Yeah now that’s funny video
OMG that was FUCKIN FUN-NEEE!!!!!
and that is how you handle a bully
Now I see why Kevin Hart is always top-tier  Every bit has such a sharp comedic twist! If you made it to the end, you probably laughed your head off too.
I love the crap outta Kev Hart, he is da man, he's 1 fkin hilarious dude, I LOVE him, totally awesome
Dewayne acting like Kevin in high school omgggg
Yo I know for a fact that the rock was born in halifax nova scotia , so let's see francisco s*** is b******* say\n What you gotta say, I guess. If you want to be famous
love how synchronised everybody just turned around and walked away
Henrys sick of this
Kevin annoys me
I almost peed 8n my pants with the Dwayne JOHNSON clip , with the picture from high-school, Kevin Hart kills me ,I laugh because he so real.
He exposed his brother is a cold sweat hater without saying he is.
Kevin is so hilarious
It really was off topic but great anyway. I needed that laugh
Well you got to think about ice cube there for a second he is part of NWA one of the baddest hip hop groups in the world what are the most notorious and dangerous hip-hop groups in the world they always had to be serious I can't crack a smile
That Was  Hilarious
Please help laugh
K.Hart is me on a roller coaster
Hilarious love some Kevin Hart lol
You guys are really friends? In real life?
He's not as funny bcus he trys to hard for ppl to laugh at once he stop trying just do comedy breathe relax go from there from first time Kevin hart came out he was so funny he had me on the floor   but now sorry he's not as funny as he was used to be
Please God let me meet him before I die !! , Best medicine ever love love Kevin Heart! I laughed so hard just crazy
kevin is the funniest human being ever
Cube looking at himself from a mirror should make him laugh
I don't wanna waste tape
So much for being a grown man.
I got a lot of junk. I thought something was swimming around my ankles!!!
Omg that was so funny
he so funny he can't even stop laughin at his own joke GOLD
Kevin Hart at his funniest is pure chaos  His energy alone cracks me up. Did you actually make it through the whole 12 minutes without laughing? Be honest!
The push was unnecessary
Messi thinking he’s tuff whilst playing in the fucking mls
I was at that game
Bro mess I caress he team
Bro i love messi. But my dads froma Atlanta
Bro stop the GLAZE
Fr Ronaldo is the Goat for life
The way the guy pushed the goalie lol
Feel bad for the gk he did nothing
Guys you realize messi didn't push him right  it was his teamate and messi didn't even realize it happened. So why are you guys saying omg why do ppl respect him when he pushed the gk? He didn't.
Now Messi got embarrassed by Alianza Lima
I feel bad they bullied him for no reason
Number 8
people who can’t wait for tan lines, morning swims, Starbucks, sleepovers, staying up until 3 a.m., being able to wear shorts, watching the sunset/sunrise, summer dances, bikinis, sunny days, going to the beach, having trampoline sleepovers, being able to do a Grwm that says : summer Grwm, sleeping in, and going to the beach!!!
Who's country that doesn't have sephora?
I just got called poor in so many different ways
When will you post again?
the first one the girl got sunburned
What is the first girls starbucks order?
We have the same name!
watching this before spring break
My friend came over almost every 2 or 3 weekends all summer at my grandparents house and we’d stay up all night and sit on the porch and listen to love me not and then go swim the next morning it was so fun and I can’t wait for this summer 2 months of school left we’re almost there !!!
Why do they all have the same type of dog
Im miss this era sm
Why do I see people wearing makeup to the pool
only if people knew what this audio is from
Who's here in 2026 waiting for summer
Why do i always see those in winter
no matter the weather my mind is here
Christmas just ended so here i am
I'm excited for summer
I'm a summer so much
What was QB2 reading on that last pass play
They were completely unprepared for the snow and got bullied by the Patriots!  Worst #1 seed of all time! Justice served.
Stidham got so scared on that double handed backwards pass
Why would Denver‘s quarterback throw it to the one bronco that has three patriots around him???
Pats fans were acting crazy for barely beating Jarrett Stidham
Super bowl bold prediction: Darnold will be sitting on the bench by the 4th quarter
Classic
it's like McManus is still on the Broncos
Jets fan here, you know the jets and Chris banjo crashed out seeing former udfa dt LT3 make thst game winning block. Only the jets dont know how to utilize their own players. Im happy for you LT3
Broncos Country this game belonged to us but we ain't gonna cry over we gonna come back stronger than ever keep your heads to the sky and feet to the ground and don't ever let anyone get u down. Denver  love cause babies you got it  let's go broncos
Stinking patriots back in the Superbowl. They had to go and get my man Drake Maye. He should be playing for the panthers.
I feel like Drake Maye going do Tom Brady things with the patriots… resilience and willingness to win every play
Dis stoopid
Facts  no accountability in the mirror
I can hear a big box of mics dropping from here
“But there not coming for you.”  She came off the top rope with that slam.
They, every woman reading this comment and every woman in the world would GLADLY choose me above ALL other men  I am the PRIME cut of the male gender! British (so got da American girls swooning by default..) I'm 6ft4 and BUILT. Gym 5 days a week, 2 hours a day. Blue eyes, nice cheekbones, full head of hair! My height comes with the perk that ALL women crave 'n' cream over in bed. I've been a singer, pianist, musician, writer and traditional artist for 30 years and a 3D model artist, working with games engines, for 22 years. Because of these accumulated, professional talents; I make money with the same ease that people make carbon dioxide. Short, broke ass, talentless men? They don't stand a bloody chance compared to me! Men who deny this are short, talentless and jealous. (I will NOT see any replies. I have disabled reply notifications and only an idiot would respond to a person who will never see it )
they way those womens said to each of other "we bullied her" thats's real sheet
I love thise girls correcting that young girl
Andrew, "shut up brian this is getting good"
Shes a runner . Facts don’t care about your feelings
She got exactly the help she needed
i wouldnt be HAPPILY married to any of them
If THAT'S bullying, we definitely need to bring it back.
She couldn't take the truth so she left she's pathetic that's why she's single
The popcorn though
For moments like this there needs to be a mud filled pool prepared
she didn't want the truth
Please play palworld
Legends thinking about "YOUR NAME"
Please bro minecraft
Is series ko continue Rakhna hai bhai
dream country
Money simulator next episode please
Vote for gta v  ki video
so wheres the fuckin footage ?  lying through his teeth
Jre knows more
Source : trust me bro I’ve been there
Fbi director but knows nothing no wonder america is going to shit
@ 10:39 the "sure" sounded like a fenale  wthhhhelly!!?
9 months later ???
Joe was so scared and the other guy will get u  if u have info
What a crock of
Love Joe's comment about pushing back. Joe thats what real interviewers do. But like the fact your not a comedian your definitely a soft ball interviewer especially with politicians. Softball hack. Btw thx for 4 more yrs of Lame duck trump and the worst cabinet and staff of All time. Dont complain you got these morons elected. Keep your millions enjoy Texas. History will not be kind to you either The joke was Joe
They said he first tried to kill “himself “ while he said his cellmate tried killing him
Brah we smelling bullish
Wow  shame , shame on this man
my favorite video on YouTube LETS GO DODGERS LETS GO gives me chills still need that 3 peat
I hate the Blue Jays!… Congrats to the LA Dodgers!
No matter how many times I watch this I still can’t believe my beloved Dodgers won
As a yankee fan I thought our choke job last year was gut wrenching. But I’m happy these cocky jays out did us. This is by far one of the worst losses in sports. Only 28-3 ranks higher. Countless chances in game 6 and 7 for jays but no bueno
I’m back here after Canadian hockey fans saying the better team lost the gold medal game reminded me of jays fans after this game.
On 3/7/2026, I'm still watching......fan from Taiwan
"The bullpens empty!"  "Yeah, that's on the list of the most over-rated thing there is."  "Now, you're all tired and out-of-breath.  And for what?"
I hope we get a world series like this again
The greatest World Series of all time!
Dodgers clutch batter’s name is Will Smith, that’s not weird.
Jumping man in the back
And yet the lost amidst the excitement.  congrats dodgers
blue jay fans really thought they had us
Like & Subscribe for more funny videos!
Let me know your favorite moment below
That boy on the second one was like a lizard on the wall doing ball dance
Wall dance
They did Gramma dirty
She was a fairy
the song is  cuz gag has 100k ppl
Bro these videos make me laugh so hard
the grandma one sent me
What's the first one nameee
Not thanos Fairy
omg hahahahahahah
She was fairy tanos say hell nah i am à fairy.
Three very compatible
Grow a garden music and soooo finny dude
The way he was looking at her
His look towards u over ur excitement on getting the Barbie doll
2 cuties together
Then they say girls are complicated
Wow nice to see you dear take care of your health eat less oily food and more addicted to house food only
The way he held your waist in miniso mirror shot
Lots of love
U both are so cute together
1st one to comment
Im coming back in 2027 to see how many likes i get
The smile of that character makes more aura with this phonk
I was listening to it when I was bed
Dj asul be like
You notice that the song repeat
like the comment if u are watching these at 3 AM
i locked in during study time and got a  on my math test!
Using this phobk when playing ML makes me strong
Pure phonk therapy
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
The song
The man
The singer
The instrumental
The viewers
The song listener
The saver of the song
The one who added this song in his playlist
The one who got motivated and went to gym after listening this masterpiece
The whole gym
All the gym equipments including the mats
The gym shoes
The one who play this at gym
All who listens it
All who get more excited to do more reps
The nerves of the body
The comments
The thoughts while writing this
My hands while typing this
The keyboard
The alphabets
This comment
Those who likes this comment
Those who comment in this
Those who start a convo in this comment
Those who comment ''
Home workout after brekup attendance here
stroking it to the beat
What I think I am while listening to the playlist
What I am really doing
Where are you from?(Pin please)
When I heard the gentleman talk about, “YouTubers hyping up the MacBook Neo like Apple literally bent over and farted out a rainbow”, I somehow just instinctively KNEW that I was doing the right thing by having most my bad news delivered to me by a stunning English accent.
Sounds like a trap. Traptop  just seems like one of them things where there's too many can'ts....but if you upgrade and spend $100000+ you bet. Maybe if you are tired of windows and you do the basics only...but I'd find it more annoying otherwise.
Great if your student with an iPhone since you can get it at a discount...but since I'm a poor I'll just stick to my garbage dived Lenovo and Linux
That intro had me laughing off the chair!
Apple fans go crazy but smart people would just buy a used an m2 or  m1pro MacBook pro. It's better in every way and costs the same. But hey I guess unboxing is really important to some
What’s actually going on
In this case: 8 GB LPDDR5X is baked into the chip package
So is the RAM limit the reason for the Neo’s configuration?
Primarily due to the A18 Pro’s packaging design
Also influenced by cost and positioning (cheap Mac)
the CPU can’t address more RAM in principle
so you are saying peoples need to invest in a side phone!
The price should be Lalf- Phone as well
It's A Shame I was getting excited
I want to like this phone. I think I'd buy one if the Zfold never came out.
What's next? toothbrush looking phone?
It’s a great device I honestly I would love to use it as a audio device but the price point for how capable it is is questionable if it was priced in the 300 dollar price range I’d get one but 429 to 500 is a bit steep for me
How bad that speaker is was worth the entire video
Wow it's so lovely
New Subscriber here! Since it seemed like you'll be setting this in the junk drawer. Can I have it?
Good concept of a phone, thanks for the video
Thanks for keeping up your integrity Michael, love your channel.
Yeah it safe to say the speaker sucks  but it is an interesting phone never the less
They marketed it as it can't break in the pocket  and also curved oled technology was used
Why twise
Why twise
Aston Martin F1 phone ima get this I swear on my life…
Brothers and sisters, The Lord has instructed us to not practice magic or believe in future predictors for it is a sin. Only God has the true power to see the future and posses power. So watching Harry Potter or anything that contains magic or any power that does not come from GOD, is not right. May God bless us all, Amen
I like how friendly and entertaining you can be to ur team
That Game of Thrones phone is really cool
Ice and fire themed
@23:48  if only he knew!…
I love the F4 watch... The digital analog is disappointment
day 4 of asking for a dji osmo 3
Got me with adzkaban
day 3 of asking for a dji osmo 3
day 2 of asking for a dji osmo 3
How the shit is the limited addition game of thrones phone less than the normal version for me
This looks sus
Wuthering waves in my mrwhosetheboss video?
We all saw that
Isles gave up on their playoff hopes this season when they fired Roy. It's kind of strange though considering that they traded for Schenn specifically for the playoffs and gave up a first round pick to get him
Great show , do it again please awesome
Firing Patrick Roy was not a good idea  ??? the young Fowler super solid tonight... The Canadiens are ready for the playoffs!!! It will be very interesting to see this young team fight for the Cup Go Habs Go!!! ...
That's what you get for the betrayal of your coach patrick roy
51 goals for Caulfeild and 100 points for Suzuki
Should of kept Roy as the coach
Stay on YouTube shorts cornball
Ik there's a grown man behind ts
You are like potty
Ya that's romance bitch
What they do not have manners
Well I don't think my sister gonna like romance no more
Yo so funny bro is not a human he is  a weirdo lol
This is funny
Before they used to roast real kpop and now imaginary kpop are also insulted
( Tell them to stop  )
not funny
They are totally different, one is 9 and one is 10
4a still going strong!
Who is even buying these phones? You get a free $1,000 trade in every 2 years why wouldn't you just always get the flagship phones?
When ur lanching ur owne brand
Watching this on my Pixel 9a
I’m switching from iPhone 7 (yes I’ve had this beautiful phone this long ) to the Pixel 10a because the iPhone 17e it seems worse than my iPhone 7
Hi! I have a question. Among Google Pixel 10a, Redmi Note 15 Pro+, Edge 60 Pro, Galaxy A56, OPPO Reno14, or OnePlus Nord 5, considering they're all free, which one would you choose?  Thanks!
Only difference is bluetooth version
Honestly, you shouldn't be replacing your phone until there are no more software and security upgrades.
Watching this video throughout chrom browser with sony xperia 1 model phone. (Android 7 version)  Even YouTube app can't run.  But still watching your video bro.
The 9a is an excellent smartphone. I wish the 10a would at least have Tensor 5G.
Its like hot fix on production server
Yes im switching to Pixel
JUSTICE FOR LAILA KA KACHA
matka bhai form me
beaches is nice but allways mountain guy
Bhai aisa nhi karna chahiye sorry but i didn't like it. Sache dost ke sath please aisa mazak nhi request h bhai hath jod ke , after watching now the full vlog laila is a true gem he is so supportive full respect to laila
6.44
Report the video that is justice for laila
Sbh to dikh hi gya  lailaaaa kaaaa
Koi itna wild kaise ho skta h bhai
this epic yaar
ldki bzi
Goggle suits aarush more
All the phonk stuff he posts is the same music.
OMG  is  Fire Top1
Best  muzic in The aura Word
Not hating but old song of kishore kumar better  NOT HATING  I ALSO LISTEN SOME PHONK
I will listen to this masterpiece again every time I get a notification that someone liked my comment
Your video is ranking one in search
Limitless aura
1 like for this phonk
Where are you from?
Swallow tattoo design by Ashley I am writing this email and delete this Welcome to Gboard clipboard, any text that you copy will be saved here.
Stupid Trump
I  YOU Farran from kefilwe from southafrica
A huge fire is in my area as long it doesn't come this way I be safe love Royalty family
My name is yasha
I am a big fan
I guessed num 2 right
Psksowpkwpakowalpaoa to be there by the way we are going  you have a good day at least a great day at school and i love it and i know what you think well
what are you doing Time the TV did I want to play station 5 that's why I want my name is Amy East 54 old I want it old
I like your voice the are funny
It's $3200 in New Zealand.   Convince me it's worth it
Watching this from my cracked foldable Oppo Find N3 fold which I have folded max no more then 500-600 times , and I bought it new since it was released.
OPPO day by day
Oppo is a terrible Brand. I go with Honorable Huawei's Honor or Xiaomi with a foldable or a regular phoneOppo is the worst phone brand from China. It's not worth your money and time. Don't waste on Oppo. I call it Op-Poo
Just one question is the pen and case which charges it is it compatible with oneplus open I think find n3 or n5 I don't remember properly but if you know the answer please levae a comment
Oppo added it and perfected it
This foldable is definitely a go
I'm watching this Vid from my OPPO RENO 15 5G ya! Anyway OPPO folding phone are more stable than the Samsung and Google
This is the best Oppo find N6 review I have found online
N6 on the way, will have it next week  Plus AI pen
Ben's gadget and Chris from tech spurt say the camera on the Oppo find N6 stands up firm against most slab bar phones
Mine  comes Monday and bought the case pen from someone that didn't need it for half the cost and that comes on Tuesday.. long time samsun user and this is my first folding phone because I need ro try innovation   because I know samsung will make a N6 like in the next over 5+ years from the way I see it
Bro put the case on the cover screen
Damn the luck  I'll have to wait for my new toy
The way he interrupts
How much cocaine is the short haired man doing all the talking on  fr he’s so amped up , honestly… the amount of men in this comment section being as rude as their being are the reason i beleive no good men exist… this is coming from a 29 year old who DOESNT have onlyfans , I don’t drink or party or smoke.. I have my shit together and I can’t get with any dude that talks how these men are talking, if it isn’t directly effecting you it shouldn’t bother you.. I’d be so unhappy to be with someone this miserable.  To the men saying that they wouldn’t give a f … mad respect  the rest wow , just wow .
I do it but I'm single and had to feed my children it's sick as F I get it but there's levels to OF its truly not as bad and sexual as you think unless you want to get that deep into it but you legit make mad money just sending pics no matter WHAT you look like there's always people out there that are attractive to it eh it is what it is but absolutely 100% if I find a man and fall in love (finally) id absolutely stop my Of absolutely ... It's only bc I'm single
After some years they will be blaming someone force them like many others say when they regret or bring up some new excuses and they would say they will do something genuine with the onlyfans money which they earn thought this kind of shameless money and live a normal life
That Kind of Women only wants  money
I watch the manosphere doc on Netflix with my girl and she agreed with most of what this guy said
Because Muslim men respect women SOO much  Youre legally defined as his property in certain countries. You have NO rights. He can mutilate and disfigured you for disrespecting him and its not even against Sharia Law. Ignorant 304 smh
She thinks muslim men respect women
What’s up with his ears
They like Play Boys , anyways !!! !!
people who saying this episode was good are just racist
im finnish so yeah lovely word in there
that rabbit is not human bro
bro be like after did the impossible:
optimus prime saw arachnid but he's too old
Hiw to say im gooning to lebron in chinese
i'll never forget when i got banned from this dude's server for making fun of Hazbin Hotel
Nah  this one was a blast
First one caught me very off guard
I survived school once more  I swear my teachers want me dead...
You can come i and the house is a little better be there in a t for
The editer:
Your so pretty
Pro tip for the motion sick folks, ALWAYS ride in the front passenger seat, it absolutely helps also you should be able to pick the non EV car option on uber, i always have to pick the EV car coz that sets my motion sickness off less than normal cars
I genuinely do not get the hype about in and out, it's so nasty to me
I would've taken all that money and went to Spain or Bora Bora instead of that overhyped/overpriced suckage.
Ubering from LAX to Palm Springs is something I didn’t think was possible. Tourists teach me something new every day
Next time flying into Ontario, it’s only 45 minutes to Palm Springs. And it’s a major airport.
Omg 4hrs Uber journey it's insane & 300$ nothing to say
HOW DO YOU KEEP YOUR RIMOWAS DENT FREE AND BRAND NEW!?? Mine look homeless and I hate it
Girl I don’t know why you have so many haters in your comments section all the damn time but I love following you!
This is acc my 9th video in a row about Coachella
Omg the Uber ride
Hope you have the best time ever!!
Shouldve rented a car , it would’ve been way cheaper
“I’m so excited for the Coachella content” really says it all!
You know you can fly into Palm Springs
the 4 hour uber is insane  i could not
You are the best youtuber and i am so so excited for the Coachella vids
Girl what stop doing everything last minute
1st!!!! You slayed that girlll can I get a pin pls it’s fine if I don’t get one tho
He was my childhood
I love balloons
Who fart
This is so funny
Most funny people
the ribs
junyas lost twin was found
the last one got me
After so long, I realised he hurt himself, just to make everyone laugh
I wish you will not quite youtube
Bro took of his shirt  like man do good boy
The second one
The pain he had to go through just so we could laugh
Bro became shirtless it’s sensitive
why the sound kinds
Why is Lil bro crashing out for?
that’s 100000% Hasan bitch piker
The thumbnail is diabolical wtf
the ones u dont undrstand are somehow better
Edit: you can have 3 lives and you could buy 1 more every time you comment the “” emoji under this comment. BY THE WAY!!! I AM NOT BEGGING!
tf is happening in ohio
the coffee was like "bet"
The thumbnail bro
Number one
Karen’s are pure evil  and my cousin Kody things that none of this is funny   and not trying to be mean
i love them all ther so funny
very funny
None of these are funny
This is not funny. I didn’t even laugh. You might think it’s funny but it’s not. It’s not for me.
Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very  Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very Very funny
The eyes look like they are bout to fall out lol
That made me laugh
I wish I didn't have to use the bathroom when I watch this video it made me pee in my pants
This it so funny
What the
RAHHHH got me
Notice they are all white women  (Not racist bc Im a white woman!!)
I peeded my pants so funny
I peed
The woman with the pop-eyes is scary!
Technical guruji sir please give me a Phone  my phone oppo a3s broken  from Meghalaya
Thank you sir i am waiting for this video
Dedo please
I want to meet you bhai plssss it's
technical guruji is back to back
The specs look solid for a flagship. If the pricing is right, this could be the best value phone
Just like x300 series hai to ye jo x200T hai vo pehel hi   Mai x200S hoke lonch hua tha x200 series ke sath to ho skata hai x500or 400 series ke lonch ke kuch time mai aa sakta hai x300T bann ke hope so
Guruji's activity day by day
TS ain’t even hard, bro. She thinks she’s tough.
Top 10 ugliest dribbles in NBA history
Just grab the ball it aint even moving
Finnaly found this vid after years of
Wow so talented girl
Best
Julian Newman was proud after this one
What she did looks so easy to me. I can do this all my life.
When playing basketball you cooked gurl
Who tf is lil harness bro
Mfs here have never touched a basketball in their whole life. This is skill, and she’s just a kid, but still on basketball courts getting with players you’ll never get to speak to in your lives, and doing things you’ll never get to do bc all yall like to do is hate on yt shorts. Just loud and wrong
Pfrrr I can do that
Notice how she also never does a single behind the back move
She really put on extreme mode
And that guy has the world record for the most dribbles in a second
Thats clean
Looks like she was doing the stanky leg, too
he brought an old skillet into her kitchen and she straight cooked out the gate
“Maybe if I slap the ball really close to the ground they’ll think I’m better”
I bought 3# of 75/25 for $11... super life hack.
Why younger generations call everything a “hack”
You make it sound like you invented fire
I wonder how many 1lb bags I can get from this 10 lb log
It's a meal per pack for me
What a shocker. He got 10 1 pound bags from a 10 pound tube. Shocked
They say it's 90/10 but its not
Yeah for just you add a wife and a kid I bet it won’t last that long
If i see a 6-7 meme comment ill be extremely disappointed
JESUS CHRIST is the WAY the TRUTH and the LIFE no one comes to the father except by me john 14 6 JESUS CHRIST LOVES YOU AND HE DIED FOR YOU GOD BLESS everyone
at this point, drinking water is a life hack 10 years down the line
Love when gay guys gives us tips about meat
What the fat to lean ratio
How many pounds is the ground beef that has the pounds on the packaging  kids are funny
Hacks are basic math on food items
Common sense years ago is now a “hack” kids these days
absolutely not $50 is like half my grocery budget and so far all i’d have is beef. you need bread, eggs, and milk and shit too you gonna be spending $200 on food
“ONLY fifty eight dollars” me just wishing for 5
came to the comment section to provide my legally obligated comment, but everyone has it covered
3 is using auto tune
David is my favorite one
Apple towel was my faite
Xxxtentacion is the best
Xxxtentacion really won my heart<3...FLY HIGH JAHSEN ( LEGENDDD )
People who think XXX should be one
people who listened to XXX for a while
YESS Benny deserves to be number one
Why Yung Kai is in last the list should be flipped up side down
Haven’t heard of Rema in such a long long time
Nu are adversar, te salut
The last one, I was betting on duke fishron
I wanna feel pretty
I've seen that third clip's full music video
"ts was NOT the wind vro "
your right, it wasn't the wind this time, it was the clouds
It ain't weird to be a girl character
Crazy how that class of the elite meme is light the type of shit that happens in the show and they act like it’s the smartest shit ever to happen
hi! its actually not because the character looks cute, im just gay!
I just want to look like a cutie patootie
Watch check check  (41?)
The female character one is so true for me and the other cultured ones
Nice try fed, I will always choose to play as female because I want to feel cute
Wait this one literally doesn’t have a metal gear meme. Finally
Hello po ate ivana here me again hahaha highschool to college and now here me again loyal pa rin sayo my idol ivana sana someday makita kita, may the Lord will bless me someday na makita ka ng personal, I believe na walang imposible kay Lord. I just love your heart to bless your family and now I am doing din sa family ko esp. my mama and sister na pinapaaral. Ikaw po ang naging inspirasyon ko para magawa lahat to. Ate ivana I love you
Mam ivana pwede apply po please
My love Ate Ivana  hope to see you ate.
Hi proud deaf congratulations look willing ivana and Glenda support time famous
What a compassionate human being ! May your tribe increase Idol Ivana Alawi and Glenda. God bless you both
Thank God for sending Ivana Alawi and her Team  to extend financial assistance as love gift to PWD and family.
Brilliant Skin May God bless you too po
And all of us viewers who supported Ivana Alawi Channel.
I think we can all agree — we want to be rich someday. Not for the flex, but for the impact. So we can help people in need, share our blessings, and be the reason someone’s day gets better. Bless all the people who give what they can, EVEN WHEN THEY DON’T HAVE MUCH. May that energy come back to them tenfold.
God bless u more ivana and glenda
From now on. Mag brilliant skin na ako subrang bait ni Miss Glenda at ate Ivana
Hi ate Ivana and everyone, asking if you know an open scholarship ganon. Need it talaga, mag sesecond year na ako at okay po ang grade and track records ko
Ms. Ivana and Ms. Glenda God Bless you And your family
Hi everyone, I’m humbly asking for your help
If you know any student-friendly repair shops or small businesses na affordable and trustworthy, I would really appreciate your suggestions
Shout out po please, lagi po kita iniistalk idol po kita super idol naka follow po ako no joke po
God bless po Ms. Ivana
Brilliant din ang gamit ko,I love it this Product
Wow,,I'm the 1 of brilliant user & reseller here in abroad 'i really  love her products specialy sunscreen  I really dont know you Ms Glenda but I'm so proud of you. .all her  employees are almost pioneer so  that means the owner is so really kind ON  or OFF cam.she really action speak louder than word . Ms. Glenda is really blessed ,I hope after this Ms. Ivana vlog she'll shine even more .
More blessings to come Ivana Family and Miss Glenda
More blessings to come
Nice one bebe mariam and Glenda
Nakakaiyak Naman PO idol Ivana alawi more blessings to come godbless
were are you from?.
Stop calling everything shee!!
Hi from Sweden
How do you afford to live like this and still have so much free time
I really like the concept that she calls everything as "she" like everything even non living things are female around her even the air purifier and even eggs. Love you gurl! U're so calming and cute I like it
Hopeful that you find people with good hearts and intentions. Your story of fears of being heart  hurt  touched very old man like me. You are so young and never feel less. You deserve the best life has to offer. May goodness and mercy follow you all the days of your life.
I don’t know but as a European it’s so crazy to me that you can decide between diced and sliced onions  Like why would you buy pre sliced veggies and not just buy a single onion and cut it fresh yourself Also those prices are insaaaaaane
I like how you use "she" for things
Krishna's painting at back caught my all attention
People blaring their horns get me irritated asf because you’re right, it’s not gonna make people move any faster. My mentality stemmed from living in Brooklyn  and now that I relocated to Texas… it’s just a universal problem of idiots.
My goddd we have the same dream vanity!
Kinda wish to be like you living my life in nyc away from my hometown ,i want a reset fr
It's my dream to be a vlogger and manage it all alone
But I have to wait till I get my Rn position, after that I'll definitely start a youtube channel as I like to yap alot
And I hope it all goes like how I plan it
I don’t think cussing is good
the prices
I’m not from America, and seeing  those Grocery prices are giving me a headache
I’m not okay but your vlog change my mood 100% love  u  ..following youu from Saudi Arabia
Came across your content today and have made it all the way down this far before I have to leave for work! So greatful to have came across you today, subscribed IMMEDIATELY! You seem super nice and are extremely entertaining and funny, I look forward to all the videos you come out with next and all the ones I’ve not seen yet! I hope you’re having a great day
Please don't forget about
I am Alone i can eat watever is the mood
I feel like we are video calling are older sister who just moved out
What did you mix with the cottage cheese? it looks so delicious and i really want to try it!!
I love how you’re so genuine, so refreshing and real
Living alone seems so much fun and liberating. This is the life I want for my future self. I hope I can afford it soon.
Adulting..... in New York at, that should be a skill we can list on resumes
$9-$11 for those jars… inflation is insane
Wait the grocessy is 100$ ??????? I live in France, our price is also pretty expensive but in us ??? It’s an other level
Such a cute vlog loved it
A New youtuber passed by here
The music and shots fit together perfectly
2025 really in the trenches
2025 was a horrible year for rap if Doechii was most streamed and only 285m
the box
I been in the hills
Im not even gonna lie, who tf is hopping on spotify talking bout sum "i wanna stream anxiety today"
Tbh anxiety is a great song, but didn't deserve the most streamed, btw no hate
is anxiety even rap
We failed as a society making anxiety the most listened song
Anxiety is so trash who is giving that thing money
All balls are crack
4 is to funny
Bros got balls of steel
Oh my goad
So funny 2 puppet who is funny
Joke
Oh my goodness I almost left with the water in my neck, baby. I would do it again. but it’s still funny a little
Hi and I hope everyone is safe Amen Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and he rose three days later defeating death and he loves us so much please repent from you're sins and turn twords him he's always with us
He is hurting him self to make us laugh
All of the clips are about balls
That had to hurt
This is so funny
Last one was literally cooked
Bro I wasn’t ready for this
Nmbr 1 my friend Will
Haha so funny
Bro's balls were made of gold
Painn no more kids
3rd one is
, I mean ive been reading these judgements and laughing my ass off …” *difficulty is off the charts* “  pls tell me this is just AI making these judgements talking about how impossible and hard these moves are.. you cant even call this $hit dancing . And you need to higher your level of what impresses you , so long as you’re impressed by the most trivial of things.. will be to your detriment especially in real life ,the less impressed you are in Business for example the better a deal you can make & I know this is just a video of dumb ppl dancing but ohh god your comments & score really made me laugh
First btw you dropped this can I have it
Uncle ki cycle ko pail diya  what epic 0:25
Uncle ki cycle ko pail diya  what epic
Bro where are we getting the supplies to make them like the rubber bands and the scissors
Why There's No 1,000?!
Honestly the zero trumpet was pretty good
Please play Oggy and the cockroaches tune with all pianos
The phone for the speaker  it’s with money
16000$ phone
Amazing sound
erm actually the speaker is 900 dollars
Who needs money when you are so creative bro
Not recently
Kid clicked porn pop up
That is literally my favorite Mac Miller song, youre a great guy with even better taste in music
bro would jump of a cliff just for google review
imagine you have a expensive screen protector on there and he without asking rips that shit off and slaps a piece of shit $5 screen protector on and acts like he did you a favor
Love this guy and his cat!
Its super annoying tho lol
Hearing mac playing in the background
Mac miller in the background
The look on the kid makes you wonder what kind of stuff he's been doing to that phone, or what kind of stuff he's been exploring!
Holy cat
Let it go
Voids the warranty - "I did nothing"
People been saying how the kid is so nervous girl if that was me i would be that too my mom would be so mad at me bout not taking care of my phone and shit
Why would you put it in the freezer?
You should do a Dr. House and send the parent away so you can interrogate the kid, because he knows damn well why it won’t turn off
Little man been learning some things
I love this song it’s a great album!!
DDR THE KIDS EMAIL IS VISIBLE IN THE SCREENSHOT SHOWING THE GEMINI POPUP, please censor it
Holy kitty
Holy Kitty
Waited for nord 6 but atlast bought nord 5
One plus ce 5 battery fasta dry aguthu 7000 mhz
Already using this phone
I am using oneplus nord 6 .it's   like super cool.y he talking like this
Best earbuds under 2000 podu brooo
Need Camera  testing also.
Sikiram bro na this week la one plus nord 6 eduka poren bro
One plus nord 6 unbox video good specifications features details and process upgrade and battery upgrade and camera downgrade all over price hike brother #super Mr tt
I'm using oneplus Nord 6 audio quality awesome and battery backup Vera level overall good mobile
Can i have the 5060 please
I am a middle class family   I am no rich please one give you a gaming setup me I am  Pakistani
There is no way this guy is using a 4060 on an ultra wide monitor how does that even still function?
Can I have the 5060
Me the broke one am quiet
Thanks for the specs
Can I have it pls i just have a phone
Still Need the 5060 to Go?
can you transform my room please
Bro has so many problems
Bro please give me I don't have rtx ever
Hey chandler can I pls have a gaming setup i really love you videos and it's really supporting me so if you can take this unto consideration please do thank you so much for your hard work my setup is a 5-4year old yellow nintendo switch that gets 2 fps on fortnite please respond if yes
Bro he is spending 100k dollars just for a video
My birthday is next Tuesday and I was wondering if this is possible I can have my dreaming setup pls and thank you and live in Texas btw
The electric bill on the driving sim probably cost more then real gas
Yoo Can you pls come to my room and make it pls
One day I’ll build a setup like yours
I think Maximo or Brazilian girls are really attractive. Feminine and attractive.
I am here to learn your language
Sunrise alarm clock & sound machine!! (It's on TkTk) It literally feels like the sun is rising in your room! You can set it to wake you up w/ the sun rising AND birds chirping or ocean sounds! Or you can just set it to no sound & just the sun will just gradually get brighter to wake you up.
The option #3 Wowwwww
I liked that you went out by yourself
Guys I really need a friend to learn Japanese with And I can help with English who's READYY???
I really love your vlog. Your videos are so fancy. It’s never made me bored. Always make my motivation go up thank you.
I'm Korean, so please understand that the translation may be weird
So happy I found your channel! Are you from Minnesota because I heard the way you pronounced bag?
this is mad day
( ˘ ³˘) came for the vlog stayed for your smile!
I wanna be your friend !!!! Ohh your so beautiful
this is ssso adorable! i'm starting my youtube channel soon and aspire for it to become this!
I'm learning English and I would like to understand all you are saying, but I can't because you speak too fast .
Sweet girl in the world after my mom of course
Bro played the outdated demo
No, that guy on the second meme is gonna end up like Don Messick!
First one could be a red dead redemption reference
The last one is something Chris from Total Drama would do
What did Lynda do gng
She exudes elegance effortlessly, with humility that enhances her beauty
Im at a LOSS for words after that ok joke
I miss the days when appliances worked better and didn't have smart features.
Tucker is the Potus that is needed at this time in the world!
There once was a man named Tucker. Trump played him for such a sucker. He's began to regroup, done with that Old Poop. Now he's a reformed Mother Tucker !!!
send politicians's children to the wars
They want their legacy to be the last Supreme Court
GOOD LUCK WITH THAT
Thanks Creator bless U.S all sending light and love
Iran shuts down hormuz
only with 2 speedboats, by now are under the sea
So I guess we don’t have such a good relationship with Iran. According to Trump we do .
Not Demi faking her birthday
am from georgia
My dogs  name is Denver demurrals pls pull up to my house to caress my dog
I’ve been looking for those revice flare legging pants for ages and I still can’t find them!! Can someone pls helllppp  2:22
Why they always pretend to have a bday
I love loveee watching these vlog videos at the airport
she decided it was there time
omg I was born in Oregon, I moved to AZ. And my cousin’s live in Denver
that’s kinda impressive tho
Your parents are soo adorable together
their mom is funnyy
“You miss 100% of the shots you, don’t take Wayne Gretzky”
Can anybody please tell me the shade of Sunday’s lipgloss
now that I’m thinking abt it how is Noah’s parents thinking abt all these trips
guys they are already missing the plane
If you guys see this I have a request for you guys to do on a  YouTube video try playing Minecraft and see how that goes
call Noah ofc no answer. Has me dying
I love how Ellie doesn’t care how she looks. She’s wearing a sweater sweatpants and glasses at the airport. She is giving though.
sunday is so me with my emetaphobia
what demitra was doing 9:03
I am ready to be touched
He knows peak (LBP)
Go touch grass man PLEASE
Is this Animal Crossing
Gotta say Charlie aint that good at games
What a lovely game
This game had a crazy development cycle, can't believe it actually got released finally.
Entire Fable series please
Never realized how sus Fortnite callouts actually sound until now
3 guys hearing cuming there dead double meaning
“These guys are so sweaty there pushing from behind”
My dad will kill me if I said any of those wait no no no no aaaaa why dad why are you listening to my shorts on YouTube why
Dad says "let's jump into the squad" it is A tier list
Oh gng i would be cooked
All of them are s tier because it meant my dad came back
Bro is not surviving on the last one
I dont have to worry... my Dad played COD
Y these so SUS
You're supposed to use the ball to bounce his away
Also bro was not looking at she
I hope this is ai
She can't hold three balls at once
No one on the sidelines was surprised
I thought she will throw both ball at same time one will hit the ball thrown by opponent saving her and other ball will hit the opponent
Not difficult to miss.
She could’ve hit the ball with the two balls in her hand and would not have been out
That’s how I catch flies
Dude why make an edit of that, its not even cool
Nothing impressive. That's a big slow target.
Took 5 bussines days to move
I thought she was gonna bounce it off the balls in her hand or something cool
Man i thought she was going to block it then smash the other ball in the dudes face. Man infeel let down lol
Disappointing
Housemaid by Frida McFadden is a great book, ıf you have time, check it out
Lol, try flying Economy in a tin can and give us feedback on how relaxing the ambiance is
how? the planes hurt my ears so bad tho
I recommend Best lies by Sarah Lyu  if you want to try some ya thrillers! And 56 days, there’s also a new series inspired by the book. Also, Mia,I have a question: do you have a Goodreads account?  anyway, I hope it helps, you motivate me so much!
Anyone who calls you crazy is the crazy one
Growing my channel by commenting on random videos. I post lifestyle,reletable,shopping,beauty content!
Btw Mia I love your videos! I’m a sixth grader in one of 300 best schools in Russia. It’s exam season so I’m very stressed, people may think I’m just dramatic since I’m a child but it took me a ton of studying and teaching to get in this school. And if I get a bad grade on my exam I’m probably gonna get kicked out Love your videos
Every glance feels like the hush before the dawn
Girl I wish I could be like you but my attention span…
This is 100% the most inspired I've ever been!
Plz help me - I can't maintain consistency more than 4/5 days. On the 6th day, I don’t feel like studying and I end up study for 1 or 2 hours for the whole day. I tried to fix my problem bt I can't. Any advice or suggestion plz? I'm struggling
Can you make a content on what you eat in a day while busy in your studies cause I want to get a reference since I'm learning to have a balanced study routine that doesn't burn you out
Hi Mia I am obsessed with you
This book is a must read for everyone
Cud you guys help me and show her this pleasee?
And now I am preparing to score top ranks all out I hope I will be able to do it
Gurll if u want fantasy plzzzzz readd The POWERLESS SERIES  , u will love  it and its a trilogy
Ok now try doing that in economy
Please tell me a place u haven't studied at yet
Also I love these kinds of videos. Lots of love from here
Umm for books a good girls guide to murder series
One of my all time personal favs is Traumaland! it isnt too much of a "thriller" but its still rlly good! total recommended
People over here
I y'all so much
I saw this and thought it said harper is back and instantly clicked
“Nick Wilkins who?” He saw this video !!
I still watch your show so if you're watching me just look on your comments and I will see my sister and stuff and it says with all of the stuff that it says like I love you so much just know that
“Nick Wilkins who?” Is diabolical
Poor nick
Out of anyone u decided to dis Nick
Wtf is this dumb shit
is that joe rogan bro that was personal
The  call out on nick wilkins is crazy
“Nick Wilkins who?!” Is crazy
the: NICK WILKINS WHO????- got me crying and i fell off of my chair
I can tell that hairline is horrendous
is that joe rogan? got me rolling on the floor
Literally the only reason you ever only did it once is because you didn't cook it right  it's so good you don't even know
That's like saying  i only smoked weed once
People that smoke Crack once are assholes. I hate you all
These the dudes you gonna find under a bridge gooning In 20 years
That’s gotta be the worst most nightmarish high
Yea they didn’t smoke crack
Crack is not worse than cocaine it actually more clean  its a plant after all
Crack into the acid is wild af
I'd believe them if he said "we smoked it for only one day"
Whenever I think I have bad dental hygiene. I just remember goblins friend and the literal holes he has in his teeth and I feel infinitely better
why he had to repeat “we only did it once”
Mushrooms was strange enough with a pipe i couldn’t imagine it on acid
How tf do you even get that shit?!
That boy is high AF
What a fuckin g
I don’t regret smoking crack either that feeling of pure rush is fire  asf
Till they decide to do it again…please don’t guys
We only did once = I on it since that time No judgement here, if you know you know, to each their own, be safe
I drank a 12 pack and thought it would be a good idea to drop a tab at like 1 am knowing I had to drive to my house I got side tracked and takes to my buddy until I remember damn I need to get home I’m gonna start coming up and boom as soon as I get in that driver seat I’m feeling like I’m in Mario cart not my brightest decision
“I just couldn’t wait!” Ahh fredbear
The fact how spring Bonnie was bent over was wild
The born of plushtrap
The betrayal
1: Figured out how to go through walls ahh moment
2: The backshots of 87
You and your friends are pulling an all nighter in the basement you survive you were close to. Getting caughtyou lost
Is Freddie new power is to teleport?!
“Umm…F-Fredbear, I don’t know how to say this but…. I’m pregnant.”
Bro springtrap really said I’m lonely and then golden Freddy went to clap him the back shot of 87 bro bros cheek is BUSTED bro…
Please tell me the name of the place in the first and third issue!
Where is everyone listening from?
All gtag players- we all miss k9 and rip jaxvr wie more miss them but jaxvr is in a better place now and k9 I think just dose not want to play gtag anymore.
Listening to it rn
This might be one of the shortest song ever but still
the best dong i've heard
Where is everyone listening 2026./ April 18 .. night
This song my favorie song
This song is so nostalgia
I cant move on couse my friend i'm never goining to see her
you guys didn’t you know him from “love hangover “song.He collabed with Jennie.Take a look to that song.its so good.
Literally love this song know the whole song   I’ll take it all baby doll waitin on call flipin through stations
When it's a bad song 12:90
I keep repeating the song
Naw, reason NUMERO UNO is they need your "preorder" money to actually research, design and manufacturer a product that only exists in their heads.  Then number dos is your preorder commits you to actually purchasing the product when it comes out, whether it does what they promised or not.  Training Data is third at best.  That's why tech companies use this model: because it takes    to turn a dream into a reality.
Can't they just make this, and have teleoperators from scam call centers in India or where ever, get actual jobs as "maids" in peoples homes?     Just have limits on the "robots" being able to open the windows/doors, so no theft could be done.
These squeeky battery powered rubber faced bots are a joke ...shows how far they need to go before they are a threat to anything
If we’re going to have robots doing chores, then appliances should be designed to work better with robots. Currently our home appliances are designed for the human body. I have to believe we have this backwards. Let’s start over with a whole new system built around robots doing the work. Perhaps a suite of appliances sold with a home robot. Just thinking out loud.
This is not futuristic this is fucking scary tbh
So here we are with this product that’s about to do the same thing. Sell you pipe dreams only for a decade to pass and them to say, you have to upgrade to our newest robot. And the cycle continues  Stop spending your money on incomplete unrealized products people. Can’t wait to sell my tesla.
Here on the website are the best robots. JobToRob
A robot that acts like your drunk uncle, only not mean. Who wouldn’t want this?
Exactly Ai glasses to sale you a dream to
I best update my contents insurance before neo arrives. I think I will need a good one
I couldnt help but laugh at it trying to close the dishwasher
CONGRATULATIONS!! to those that tailed our PICKS  send a Frnd/ruqst or a direct message and ima send you the picks
Very nice nice nice ball shot
The face Sga made me laugh so hard
Am I the only one who saw the second half court person travel. Bad ref out their
Who is here in 2026
Shai was calm until ……green gaint
damn this was already 5 years ago
Bro that last shot before he shot it he took 4 steps
That was travel
Shai’s eyes always boutta pop out
But the man traveling  tbh I feel bad for thunder cus he traveled and it still was 3 points
That was a travel and they still couted it thats crazy
Pov twisted dyle solo be like
Tw dandy just slow than dyle
The 3rd one is like "distracting the lethals be like:"
Thats me when I dis dyle vs dandy
Dyle: an old ahh clock who likes mlp and his twisted form being a literal snake
Dandy: a bald flower who’s twisted body is shaped like a horse (a very fast and fit animal)
Whoever tf made twisted dandy: idk make him slower than shrimpo
I remember I was on a Dyle floor and I had Sprout, Vee, and Boxten with me . I DIED TO BOXTEN..
Dandy so chill
The first one
Yatra went Wally West mode
When I saw yatta dissappear I started dying
Twisted oc with dyle:uii6strsuytdauyuyTdDUy5fUYtdUYTdjyRDtuIFTYISJYTSFUYSTDZJH
BUFF YATTA IS KILLING ME
Poor peb and also what is yattas voice second last
Isn't peb is so calm ? [Sry my english is bad a little bit]
Dyle is Pmo kinda
Dude.. 3RD is so fr dude..it make me laugh
I used to think dandy was scary now his like a baby
Nah, when I get Dyle it legit gives me so much anxiety
Twisted Dyle makes Dandy look like a kitten bro
The smiths
Dirty hands are not tuff bro
bro tried to slide a motivational quote at the end
Larping washing your hands?? Just wash your hands bro it’s easy
Had a stroke reading the second one
The mom telling secrets thing is so true
Ts too advanced for yt shorts
Tryna goon and the girl calling you mean names
These are not discord memes
Why would be ninjas on bathroom?
Call me weird but I think the first guy is thicc
with the gloves on and all
The joi one is so real
Did that mf seriously just admit to not washing his hands?
do anything but not act a fool.
My dumbahh was tryna read the actual words backwards
Tf is this batch bro
The end video was the best of all (like seriously)
Need the song on the Richard Watterson one twin
With what we see now in the current generation - how many old dudes claiming to be veterans “who killed people” are completely full of ?
how can you argue with that?
"You swear and say inappropriate jokes? Well I will take your swearing and jokes, and raise you 13 kills."
those were men!
Tbh, as a first line soldier, he cab probably speak fluent vulgar
“I killed Fitty Men”
The only body count I respect
I feel like your warning offended him
Holy shit TFE gobsmacked by a 13 kill streak
Claims to know all kinds of stuff about Korean War. Proceeds to not know how to pronounce Punjang  for clarification I’m not hating. I just thought  that was funny. Quack bang or some shit
Plenty more stories from the Korean war.
I asked my uncle Leonard about Korean War he grabbed my neck and said don't ever ask me again sit down and proceeded to give his story it's bloody and ugly said he never seen a Korean in the war only Chinese and he said he can't count his kills just wave after wave of human meat shields never asked again
You think a military man is gonna be shocked by what you say. They heard worse from their best friend.
Telling their war stories and being able to share the good, bad, and ugly, of combat is a very healthy way for vets to manage stress and memories.
No body getting the white  I had to show it some love frfr.
Small content creators gather here
Hi, I’m planning to buy the iPhone 13. Do you think it’s still a good option in 2026 for daily use and overall performance?
Touch based button????  No thank you
In the thumbnail it seems as a Tab
thats amazing sir it
Love the red magic just wish it was compatible with Verizon
My fav white one
Unborn Therapy Roof
Batman Returns Roof
Codm bot pro max
all cool but playing games on a touchscreen is a nightmare
Again a "GAMING" phone for GAYMERS that THINK they are REAL GAMERS
I ordered a white (Prism) one! Just got my shipping notification and it will be here Friday - yay! I'm not even a big gamer, but those specs for only $500 is a great deal! I'm upgrading from a Pixel 9a and apparently Google is releasing the 10a at this same price point. Seems like an easy choice to me.
RedMagic
Please no more music
You all skipped the Nubia z80 ultra..... It's a beast
Shopping link for the phone is blocked
Definitely amazing but expensive
Mujhe ro sari video pasand ati hai puri video dekhti hu suru se leke end tk dikha rha hai hat me ghav
Jai shree Radhe Krishna bacchon
Radhe Radhe
This reggae vibe is so smooth and relaxing. Feels like I’m on a beach in the Philippines.
Like this  or marry her
Hi sainyong lahat Jojo like this song I ngat po tayo palagi guys
Thanks for this review! . So happy to get this in 12/512 version. I just wanted to share na with light to moderate use, it can last up to 2 days and a few extra hours from 100% to 0. Good choice. I'm not a gamer though.  Bye IOS .
I like the battery capacity for that phone, amazing
these lies haven’t aged very well, have they?
AI and robotics won’t save .. we have enough of technology already to screw ourselves
Sometimes Musk is full of  ...
Funny how we have the FBI, IRS, and other government institutions who are there to protect Americans, it seems like  I pay taxes to support criminal fraud.
Do you think a few rich people made their fortune like this?  Great Point Elon
So a trillionaire has a problem with S.S. and illegals this guy is a j**off 100% he can do partial derivatives d/dxy i can too. Yet he sees his fellow humans as parasites to a system he benefits from corporate greed
Government hired the smartest man in the world to manage money ….for 4 months
Aaaa...we put him in.aaaaaaa......brrrr....noooooo.......mmmmmmmm....he is such an irritating but valuable person    ghhrrrrr.  Aaeeeee.   Mmmmm.  Oooooo. Trrrrrr kitna paise lena hai , itna interesting baat chal ra ..aur ye hain.
I want to listen because these great people are speaking. Raj bhai you are interrupting many times and in many podcasts. I will listen to you too once you are too in this age with lots of experience..
Mr. Rakesh Maria is a legend
Ohkay so he's that officer of whom nana patekar has played the role of ...mad respect for you sir .. rest in peace to the soul of brave soldiers who sacrified their life for the nation and our people
5 start treatment mili us kasab ko....what ...What they does with our soldiers. ....unbelievable treat him as The way they treat our brave soldiers
It was worth watching
72 Hoor concept is real it means
Also, my salutes to Tukaram sir who sacrificed himself to save the Hindu religion from being called terrorists.
Pakistan done this???
This is why they killing you and nothing else.. they are in perpetual war with everyone.
As a Indian Muslim, Honestly speaking Quran and Islam is agains Killing of innocents and these kind of propaganda. Hoors and jannath is for those who have done good things in this world, they’re all brainwashed by some so called scholars. They’ve killed a lot of innocents they think they can get a jannath? Allah has made a speacial place in a hell for them .
this is how these terrorist are brain washed. We think why muslim , because these terrorist are brainwashed so easy that they believe what their handler says.
Toodls bag for school looks weird
Glisten is so cooked
The Sprout one  Dandy boutta shove Sprout and start scarfing up the pile of tapes  or they just gobble it up together
Glisten must be playing a prank on looey  that’s crazy
Teagen it's gunna be ok ill kill him
Nah Yatta comming running to looey when glisten gave the Candy to looey
“YES IT IS I DANDY! WELCOME TO MY WORLD!”
Teagan was  just rocking herself
WAKE UP MOMMY... I JUST MISSED THE BUS
The firs one is hilarous
Finally something good with no Sus stuff
The last one
Your not chubby enough to be dandy though
Welcome to my worl -Glisten
That extra hit to finn was so disrespectful-
The last one kills me
Wait a minute I was a sprout
Not Looey licking his lips
“Don’t miss the elevator door”
Welcome to my world
she said she could only listen to ‘good music’ when she was with her parents  girl! gospel???? .. Marvin Gaye, Prince, Bruce Springsteen (and the list goes…) is good music in my world  I’ve never heard it put that way before .. ‘good’ music
how is she irritated that he was believing his girl.. shyt, she was running a double life on boffyall  and by the sound of things I’m prettttty sure she’s just running around double lifing the world  I can’t imagine the commotion in her medulla oblongata ocean
Great upload, wow! stay consistent
Some of these mfs need to quit smacking their mouths jfc
The first one I couldn’t even pay attention to story because I was too distracted by wtf she was doing to her hair
Ok so basically me and my friends had his one friend named Leo and we thought he was a good guy  right? WRONG!! FIRST he made  fun of my BEST BEST friend saying she’s stupid and stuff like that and you know DAMN well I wasn’t letting that slide so I talked it out with him and we all became friends with him again. NOW FOR SOME REASON THIS YEAR HE COMPLETELY CHANGED HIS PERSONALITY! Like he pretended to be “emo” and “depressed” saying he was gonna write ppls names in his “death note” PUH-LEASE BRO YOU KNOW DAMN WELL THAT THING DOESNT EXIST AND THENNNN HE CAME FOR ME AND  MY OTHER BEST FRIEND (WE’LL CALL HIM A FOR PRIVACY REASONS). SO ME AND A AND LEO WHERE IN A GROUP TOGETHER IM STEM WHEN WE WHERE STILL FRIENDS THIS YEAR AND LEO TELLS US THAT WE DIDNT BRING IN THE SUPPLIES WE NEEDED FOR THE PROJECT “ON TIME” KNOWING DAMN WELL ME AND A BROUGHT IN THE SUPPLIES WHEN OUR STEM TEACHER WANTED THEM! ALSO A WAS SICK THAT DAY SO HIS MOM BROUGHT THE SUPPLIES IN FOR HIM! SO HE LIED TO OUR TEACHER SAYING THAT WE DIDNT BRING IN THE SUPPLIES WHEN A WEEK AGO HE WAS LITERALLY USING THE DOMINOS I BROUGHT IN FOR IT THENNN A COUPLE DAYS AGO TO LIKE A WEEK, A TELLS ME THAT LEO IS FOLLOWING HIM EVERYWHERE..WHERE HE SITS AT LUNCH LEO SITS NEXT TO HIM! EVEN ONE TIME AT MATH BC LEO IS IN HONORS MATH AND THE TEACHER FOR THEM WASNT THERE THEY CAME INTO OUR REGULAR MATH CLASS AND A SITS DOWN IN HIS SEAT WHERE HE ALWAYS IS..AND GUESS WHO SITS NEXT TO HIM?…LEO AND A TOLD ME THAT HE FEELS LIKE HES BEING HELD AT GUNPOINT TO TALK TO HIM STILL EVEN AFTER WHAT HAPPEND LIKE HELLOOOO?? LEO GET YOUR EGO FIXED LIKE OMG! AND TODAY AT LUNCH A’S MENTAL HEALTH WHENT DOWN LOW ALL BECAUSE OF LEO! (IM NOT EXPLAINING IN FULL DETAIL OF WHAT HAPPENED AT LUNCH BC HE TOLD ME TO KEEP MOST OF IT BETWEEN HIM AND ME) AND I FEEL SUPER BAD BC I WHENT THROUGH THAT BEFORE TOO! AND AT THE END OF TODAY WHEN WE CAME BACK FROM LAST PERIOD A TELLS ME THAT LEO CALLED HIM A PIECE OF SH*T AND AN ASSHOLE AT THE BACK OF OUR HOMEROOM! LIKE WTF!? A TELLS ME NOT TO TALK TO HIM ABT IT (LEO SITS NEXT TO HIM BC LIKE I SAID , HE FOLLOWS HIM EVERYWHERE) BUT I TOLD HIM “BOY I CARRY MY GRANDMAS TEMPER AND ANGER AND IM NOT LETTING THAT SLIDE AT ALL!” SOOO IM PLANNING TO TALK TO LEO TOMORROW WHAT SHOULD I SAY?? ANYWAYSSS THAT ALL THE TEA I HAVE FOR TODAY!! I’LL UPDATE YOU GUYS IF I GET MORE
GIRL, you are so prettyyyy, wayyyy before you started putting on all that stuff.
What was the goal for that hair???  I kept watching like are we putting a weave on it or what? Nope just slick it down so it looks like no hair, great work there
She swear her parents are strict  As a minority, her parents seem pretty lax
The third one is a perfect example of maternal rage
i can’t eat or get ready without these
is the definition of trust the process..
She's a real one for including part 2s
You should stop doing those hairstyle 20:00
lol I’m not saying he was right but karma from stealing from a billion dollar corporation that negatively impacts the world everyday? I feel like it’s like stealing from Walmart. They won’t miss and they’ve done worse.
Yes darling girl, they are completely reasonable when your child is being rebellious and disrespectful; ultimately placing themselves in harmful situations with devastating consequences. I knew kids with STRICT parents, that placed WILDLY ridiculous rules upon them.. but these parents just sound like they were trying to survive a beautiful, ignorant and defiant teen. I say ignorant because clearly even in the making of this video, she did not have very much self awareness
The first womban is absolutely serving face! If she can let her hair look like that during the whole dang story, and the whole time I'm just thinking  "HER FACE " Go confident (and rightfully so) QUEEN!
that baby daddy story was so embarrassing… like you’re really acting out of character for some man
girl this girls parents are so strict…….
Congratulations mate! You definitely want to avoid game key cards & code-in-box releases like the plague, and get games like Cyberpunk 2077 Ultimate Edition & Donkey Kong Bananza. Also any “Nintendo Switch 2 Edition” games with white text on the bottom of the cover can be put inside your Switch 1 console to play that version of the game!
Try Cyberpunk 2077 it's real cinema
*If you want to laugh until it hurts, this is for you! *
Super funny and addictive — a nonstop stream of laughs that’s almost impossible to get through without cracking up
*This should be prescribed by doctors for stress relief!  face-blue-smilingface-blue-smilingface-blue-smiling*
Top 100 funniest videos and every clip delivered a good laugh
Where's your teeth at girl?
yeah… couldn’t hold it
Bro forgot about to 50 Skyrim re-releases
Prices seem a little cheap
I have not seen ts guy in years
Oh we still don’t know the difference between remaster and remake I see
Doom being original each time yet giving you the same first person shooting people loved but making it new and refreshing everytime
Borderlands to the pre sequel something 3…. So sorry but that made me laugh to hard for some reason
Bruh if this is what you think you literally cannot see like Mouse P.I. JUST came out
Man the multiplayer games are flooded, movie like games are plaguing, good games are rigged with politics. And they give remake of all the wrong games
Why do you look like punsie mckale from flapjack?
Please broaden your horizons dawg
Dude only looks for popular games
Try a diff genre for once in your life
So nice to see our old flag again....
Bang on that is unbelievable
Best 13 ive ever seen aswel
Thanks for the “airfares gofundme”
He stays one of the best rugby  players ever
STop caling Ray Mordt a dummy
The best centre world rugby had ,,,no match for him
Seeing that flag brought ptsd
The guy was a legend…
Why they uploading springboks highlights now
What’s the first girls name so I czn see her channel
Can yo make one with grwm (KLAIRE’S version) plz
What poppin
Thank you calus for playing a filipino horrer game
not a bowling pin
I'm confused  with Ryan trahan and cayluss
Im in filipino
Oh god the manananggal
Weres the Poppin bro
Broo it's roaches
I always wonder what sushi is studying to be after she graduates all the work and studying looks so hard-core to my eyes
Pleaseeeeee can we have an AO3 recs video, I’m too unemployed
Please WE NEED YOUR WORKOUT ROUTINE, HEALTHY HABITS ETC
Please make sure when you buy dates it doesn’t say located in israeil btw loved your video
I wish I was half this productive
omg sushi i needed this sb tysm queen
wow the cardigan at 9:30 is so pretty does anyone know where from?
Body like coffee coz tea isn’t strong enough - keep up the effort queen, going to the gym so often IS NOT easy
today shall be a good day
me seeing the thumbnail knowing i have 4 assignments due for next month…
not that it matters but I listened to Its just us by Kali Uchis because u recommend it somewhere and now I'm completely obsessed, the song is playing 24/7 in my head
I have been waiting and Lurking
I wish I was this dedicated
Fr need this cuz I’m so locked out, I’ve gained like 20 pounds in 5 months and so basically I’m 130 pounds and I’m under 14
I have never been this early to Mothers vids
the food looks so yummy
i need to find things to do with my time cuz i legit found this at 3 mins
Im so early! You're literally my fave youtuberrr ♪ pin?
Hi aria, I have been watching your videos since you first started. I love watching your videos. Take care
love how aesthetically pleasing all your meals are
A pc gamers perspective yeah thats all i need to know
But is the new one backwards compatible?.. forgive me for asking, instead of checking… ..this is how I check
Pay a shit load of money to play Mario and Zelda wtf we need call of duty , Gta what is this 2000
Skid marks on the rainbow road
I played Zelda BOTW on a Wii U and loved it
and bigger battery.
One time my sister was playing hollow night and me and our cousins were watching her while making little comments and jabs about where she was (fog canyon) because she said she didn't hate how everything freaking explodes and said this "I like fog canyon. Its hardcore" and immediately (accidentally) stepped in a bubble and died
The "I love youuuuuuu **" reminded me of that
Good thing I seen the blinking thing already
I saw through your trick hornet
The hornet thing got me, and it got me dying!
3 works tho
Pov: you think that the knight we play as is just a cute little potato
Chila tha
The second one was my favorite and my mom’s favorite
All of them
Fun fact, Despacito was my favourite song in kindergarten
I like the first one
A lot more to the ground but the ground I are going in the ground I don't think it would be in the moment wls I think you can take them but it's a lot to get in it will get a little better and then I'll let them  me know if o gets to be there at all the same thing but the moment you have a bit more
jos disk for the first time I love
My cat died and the song that I always played was die with a smile
lima and lauren ayeee
For The Most Part
I love this phone… I’m not a photographer sooo a don’t care about photos. I’m love the design, the weight, the speed etc… so everything about this phone is good
I wish these infants would get over the camera and speaker.   I use mine on speakerphone calls daily and I can hear people just fine.  Clean the WAX out of your fugging ears.  How about that???
I like everything about this phone but the one speaker really is a deal breaker. BTW the phone is only 12 grams lighter than iPhone 17 and yet you give up a better camera system, speakers and battery life. That’s just too much to give up just for thinness. As much as I wanted to like this phone it has to go.
My phone has been on silent since 2014 and I put vintage grain filters on all of my pictures so neither of those things concern me
I’ve been waiting for years for a thinner iPhone. It’s a lot lighter and easier to hold. I was not happy with basically the same design of iPhones 14, 15, 16 & 17. Thank you Apple for making my wish come true. Yes, it has one camera and a shorter battery life. But who cares as I’m a basic user and love browsing the internet. Photo and video editing is not my kind of thing. Peace
It's exactly the same camera not worse camera
YouTubers in April 26: help I am going back to the pro
mmm I don’t know just do not carry it with your keyes
keep the HDR content, love it
I Like the Camera a lot  its quite good. And the speakers Are really good
Watching this video on my air, speaker is fine  best phone I’ve ever had, tried pro and base too, something different is more interesting
who ever made that charity clip need to get hiS FREAK AHH ON BURH
Jesus died on the cross for your sins
I dont remember my childhood cartoon being like this
The first one was so fr
Back in the days when raven was the baddie everyone wished
"Could be us" you say? Guess what? HELL NO!  YOU'LL NEVER SEE ME SITTING ON SOMEONE'S LAP!
The last one is actually true
If I were Kutano, I would transform myself into a horse.
That Raven meme reminds me of that episode where beast boy turned into a cockroach to watch on Raven in her room
As a goth woman, ive been looking for my own beast boy, but you men are too scared to talk to us
Ye series rannig rakho countinue din series  wonder ful game
Aur video cahiye iss game per
please fs25 episode 16
Vote to continue this series
I'm dislikes this video
what the...
Back to square
Bro only plays day 1 and game ends
Big fan Bhai rdr khelo please
Hey boy! Play Medieval dynasty..... Don't play this game
Not the fake hair ontop of his head w ducktape like cash take it off
“That means you have to listen to me EHEHHEEHHEHEEHEHHEHEH  “
"That mean u have to listen to me HEHEHEHEH" no"
Omg poor Nidal bc he is really cute around Salish
The way Kate smirked I can’t
Gurl and I thought getting hit by an electric scooter was bad
She looks like Shaka from Land of the Lost
Should we be talking about cash’s hair??
Harper did not get hit by a car
They are having a baby
Not him picking on the name Nidal... It's an Arabic name...
Not cash’s laugh
Yeah poor nidal man that was a bad crash he had but I’m thankful he is still with us cause not only would we be sad his family and friends more importantly Salish would be crying I mean nidal the best and pray for him everyday
Salish be packing her bags on this one
I don’t like that guy they were talking about he is weird
Kate:
thats what happened to my mum but she died luckily i have my step mum but shes not the same as my mum
Harpers face when she said nidal wonder
I'm so sad tok tok is deleting tomorrow
The peace of hair attached to his hat
Yeah, nidal got hit by a car on a scooter. He was crossing the street and the light was red so the car wasnt supposed to go but the car tried to go before it turned red. Then nidal got hit and was in a coma for I think 4 days? He was only 14  tell me if im wrong  he's okay and healty now tho.
His recovery was the best he's so strong
Bro became Nicolas Jackson when he got hit
Im sure these masks couldn't be worn for long they'd get too hot & sticky underneath
This is why we need rectal scanners in all government buildings and to access our phones for a safer more civilized society
That's a great mask of Steve Holmes
The same CIA of Bay of Pigs. we believe you
Epstein’s body double
Loved ones, return to the Lord Jesus Christ. He died for your sins and he is risen. He will give you life, an indescribable love, peace, and joy. Repent of what the New Testament describes as sin. Believe the gospel, get baptized, becoming one with his holy church, as we grow in faith together. Obey the teachings of Jesus. The gospel and the teachings of Jesus are documented in the four Gospels. Jesus is the only way to be saved, he will never leave or forsake you. If you have faith in Jesus, through your faith he will help you live by his teachings. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. God bless. ✚
Yeah already know that from white chicks movie black man can be a white girl
So basically he's saying "U can change that face but not the  size".....
Imagine having your entire career in black face
Yeah you know what time it is . Just like we do.
Ive never seen any proof of this claim. Ive never seen an indistinguishable face mask been taken off. Its just pics of masks that look like masks
Was that one mask Gavin from RT and The Slow Mo Guys?
hang on, he’s saying changing a persons actual face is easy but the real  challenge is getting the same pair of trainers
Lol! Is that Ray comfort? One of those mask look like him .
Megyn God bless you for telling the truth
how dare anyone try to make us think and change our minds or become informed!!
This is not about parties anymore! Left & right are the same & both terrible!  That’s a distraction the MSM loves to stoke!  When the cameras are off all of MSM are the same! Covering up for the billionaire donors & corrupt politicians & selling out  to maniacal foreign interests for greed & power! It’s Good Vs Evil! It’s so crazy that there are still people that watch MSM & believe it!
We don't want this truth out here "informing ppl's thoughts". wow.
Well, the algorithm didn't bring me to this site!
Megyn take heed to what your suggesting, It's not going to end well for media overall! I'm GOING back to straight news not opinions
This is sick
Israel pushed us into it? You’re the girl that says the next morning “I was drunk”  pathetic
Oh Megyn, I did a Yell comment on Your Friend Mr. Carlson's YT Channel because he's Yelling all the time.   It was  mainly a Joke.
Hello Shapiro+Fox News: Secr. of State Rubio directly said ON Camera that U.S. entered war >because Israel was going to start it »»and we had to go in because that would put our bases and military in the region AT RISK«« after the war had begun.  THAT'S FACT: Trump's Own Secretary of State attested that U S.–ie. Trump–acted Not because it was according to our plans and agenda for U S. but, rather, was »»in response to Israel's agendas/plans/actions««.
Hell, PM Netanjahu himself On Camera stated that the ceasefire was only temporary >and Israel would resume and continue war to accomplish it's goals/agendas.<  Again: Netanjahu's Israel's goals/agendas are Not what U S. and Trump say publicly.
People need an honest reality check about what Netanjahu attests versus what US and Trump publicly attest; they're Not At All necessarily the same!
This disaster war is  Trumps doing.
Let's invent so many weird sports that no-one is unemployed
as a person very familiarized with this sport (my grandpa and his brother were Spanish national champions in the amateur series) i laugh at all the americans losing their shit with jai-alai  it was very popular in Miami in the 60’s!! look for it
American squash  they copy everything and made thier own .. but china copy everything and made the same  this is the difference
your a d..k brother 64# ON MONSTER PIRU
I remember this sports when I was a kid, as I know that thing they are using is a fender of a motocross
what kind of hobby is this.
It's called Jai Alai and it's also played in the Philippines but it originated in Basque. There's even betting involved like it's horse racing. We used to play it in the streets (as a wee lad) using a makeshift cesta, cut out from a plastic automotive coolant containers. Good times!
lol ) stupid game like a American football
Sala kich bhi game bana deta hai
What a sitty game
What sport is this?
What type of game is it ? Oh god see how humans advancing with and mostly without logic
These athletes didn’t get selected in olympics, so invented  sport
Jamon Serrano is the goat
I use too play this as a kid n had no idea what it was ofc it was dollar tree toys and we use too jus play catch with emi been doing it wrong this whole time
Elementary PE nostalgia
If you could own any one of the luxury products in this video, which would it be?
now let's look at paul allen's bag
Mouse biggest scam
The leather on that mouse will be gone in less than a year! That’s why they made the top changeable you’ll be buying at least one a year
Where do you work to be buying this kinda stuff broo!!!!
Wow an 5 or 10 w speaker for a car price
Lol the power bank I think you found it on temu after 2 days of searching
God bless these dorks and their weak egos. If not for them nobody would be dumb enough to buy this shit.
273k huhh ? .... An oddly specific number  reminds of that adorable guy
cold to touch
I felt a little violated by that sound in my ear all of a sudden
Do they sound better than the focal bathys?
That gram bag looks like cheap made in china bag . Ugly too. Sorry
Plan cancelled
lmao that power bank was rubbish, at least it's crafted with premium materials I guess!
Digital paper lmao just buy an S11 Ultra or something, who's actually buying this? i'm curious
by who
,U could give me $10,000 to invest in my car detailing business in Ghana.U  have chance to change me but u spent all,am gonna tell Habibi, I do really like your vibes keep up bro.
the to be fair though Vikkstar123 cameo was brilliant
Yes
FTP players yes I’m weak and but I’m not broke
As President of the United States , Id make an executive order for all gaming industries to remove all DEI's hiring strictly on Americans, and ban all extra expenses. .If they try to sue us for government overreach i would just send in the Marines and Navy Seals to arrest the CEOS like  we did to Venezuela .
Commentary!
My grandfather once owned a game arcade and always used to give me some coins to play when I visit him. As a kid, I really wanted to beat House of the dead, even just the 1st stage, but my aim sucked and I didn’t know how to reload the arcade gun properly. Then every time, there were some group of teens (much older than me) who came often and asked me to borrow some coins in exchange for beating the game to the end. So every time they come, they constantly asked me coins and I gave them few, in exchange for beating other games as well. Watching how they beat the final boss always gave me satisfaction. Good old days
Santa Monica pier had the arcade and I beat it with 3 other random people. I wonder whatever happened to them?
Just give it time and sooner or later you’ll have to buy the controllers and connections seperate
"You didnt get the April O'neal dlc yet?"...
I never ran out of quarters because I had to be home before dark with my uncles that watched me! My grandma did not play around about time. That sock staked full. And yes it came from the swear jar.  Courtesy of grandma too
A football video game  where u should buy players before playing. hahahahaha hahahaha
Super whack
Nothing tries to copy other brands
Nee emathita vidavah avan emathitan
Bro milking about unboxing experience and charge cable. Appo Mobile ah thavira ellame nallarku
Phone box motorola  that smell
Ippola delivery person tha unbox pananga
Milkbikis old box matiri iruku
How much payment sudha
Orutu orutu nalla oruttu. Un nala manasuku ne uruttuna nala tha iruppa. Vanguravan tha pavan
Don't say nothing
Bye bye bhaiya love from Assam
Dropped that dman to his knees!!
Everybody, catched , The F. Word from the Philly guy
Fantastic play.. awesome
you should put the whole team on carrot juice
Bro those who remember habs in 2021 with Carey price but sadly he got injured in 2022
Bro he’s so nasty with it he literally made the defender fall and for those who don’t know he won the Calder which is rookie of the year
Montreal is going to be tough to beat
In 2 years we will  be bringing the cup back where it belongs Allez Habs
The size of this guys balls to shoot at THAT angle with no teammates in position… hope he can stay healthy and learn new tricks bc jesus h
The Jealous people would say he is only a 2nd assist merchant….
How did he even have an angle
What a great time to be a Habs fans
Imagine what he will do in 4-5 years
He is incredible
Naw thats the Jack Hughes angle...if yk yk
Broo , We need the DEX build
Just get the Macbook Neo
okay so us over here are thinking right  let's say this was prepared and configured for the Android 17 update with desktop mode
The price limits it to fantasy for most people. But imagine this with a capable AMD chip and Linux
In the 1990s, clever people invented the docking station so that laptops can be used as desktop computers. The other way round makes no sense at all.
I will stick with my Surface Pro 12
Awesome review. Looking forward to getting it myself
Respectfully first of all how is a Pope involved now? respectfully
President Trump the best President yet!
Okay Trump. I've stood behind you throughout all this. You're doing an awesome job. Some of the things you say are just too much sometimes. Try to practice being a little more humble. And I'm sorry but that picture of you surely appears to be you as Jesus or Jesus-like. And part of that is okay-He is the ultimate example for humanity! But Jesus was humble-not arrogant. Jesus was without sin. Jesus died for the sins of the world. Jesus is Lord! That picture is surely foolish and definitely poor in taste. Not cool. It's a mistake. Don't try and BS your way out of it. Try to be a little more humble. You are my Christian brother, and my President I love you. Keep up the good work.
Tell trump(dump)this I hope Donald dump gets fired,oh and he’s not lord,idc if ur president it dosnt make u special or better than others,he needs to stop being so rude to people who are dying in the warik what ur gonna say,ur gonna say “so what,it’s not my problem”uh yea it is my guy,ur THE president of USA,if u don’t stop doing these things ur gonna get kicked out of office,the government will handle this, and let’s stop the madness and stop this war NOW,u do realize that th3 government will get u out of office and trump if ur reading this im the judge im in court now ur out of office
This is the time All world  shake hands.
War of Religion!... ...Christ vrs Mary!.. .
The bible says do not make pictures of JESUS so why would people think  a picture looks like JESUS I pray that GOD BLESSES PRESIDENT TRUMP he did nothing wrong
That’s what happens when you eject a far left liberal trump hater to be Pope and he wants to play politics! He should focus on all the lawsuits in the church
If you're a doctor President Trump I'm  Mr Lib'ra Archie son of man
Love my President  He’s not perfect and neither are any of us but he’s a Good Man!
Couldn’t care less about that pic
Trump reminds me of a King Cyrus type.  Supports Christians and Jews and does great things for them.  However, I pray he will truly come to no Christ.  Right now he doesn’t have a lot of time to learn about the faith, even if he feels led by it.
Who cares about the Vatican popes they're all a bunch of sellouts and anybody who's done any quality research knows that!!  On the other hand president Trump is on par with George Washington , and I will say even greater with what is coming down the pipe!
Halleujah!!..Where is the conservative believers Wisdom and sense of Fun
President Trump is our leader in the United States!
Wtf at the thumbnail?
so funny
Nice make me Laugh
This I a good  video
Underrated video  deserves more reach! I also create this type of funny content
funny
i think there is metallic Songs
HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAH
So so funny
Thank you Ross for all you've done and will do! Been following for a while and it's so crazy to see things are actually happening now!  Also, Moritz you're cool too
legend. Thank you for all your work.
I voted for this!
Thanks for fighting the good fight Ross but when's the next Freeman's Mind?
Europe is the sponge off / on American  in many decades and costs billions of dollars of American taxpayers, this is so heavy burden.
GEOPOLITICS.
Trump doesn't understat that NATO is a defence orhanisation snd article 5 is if any NATO member been attacked the can beg the rest of them for help, but if you attack another country they doesn" have to join
The bully was upset the 'epic fury' turned into 'epic failure'
Punish NATO by leaving?  The way things are going now, he is punishing NOTA by staying.
NATO - Just under 20 years in Afghanistan after article 5 was actioned because 2 planes flew into your Twin Towers!
FGS. Just leave and stop whinging.
If NATO would have been at all helpful, we wouldn't be in this situation. They have been nothing but unhelpful. And actually disrespectful to the main backbone of NATO. The USA. I would like to see us stay, but not if we are going to be the ones to fund everything and not get any help.
Trump runs the military
Lol china told ya to pound sand in the straight
Nato don't help us any way pull out of un and Nato
Trump is like the 'friend ' who humiiliate you in front of others. Talk about you behind your back and bully you and when he gets in a quarrel or fight expecte you to show loyalty and be on his side even when he created the trouble he's in
Hope y’all enjoyed! Subscribe for more!
lol. The caller at the other end laughed and said don’t ever call back ugly. I’m dead  lol
Why is bro flexing
You think im wasting time on gta6?  Do you not see the indie backlog?
All things considered, GTA 6 not being on pc is cruel
I blame Thomas Crooks and his crooked aim
Great sitcom
Grateful I got it all. Switch 2, PS5 Pro, 5090 laptop, 5080 PC.
Imagine being called an ugly bum cause you wanna have fun
Tag whose it
And i Guess the PC was 5 bucks!?Get out you clown consoles are expensive but no more than PC Witch costed more for decades now. At least i don't have to dish 5k Just for a piece of it
If you have a pc, all you got to do is wait and do nothing. Like valve. Exclusive contents always makes it way to you. Or you pirate it and emulate the shit out of it because you got pc.
Gaming is a rich man’s hobby now  absolute gold!
Getting called brokey and ugly in under three minutes is devious work
The gaming community must put a stop to this nonsense. They've gone too far with these prices, even the games themselves, most of which are garbage and have lost the spirit of gaming like it used to be. The prices are insane and driven by excessive greed.
It's so really nice song they are so esthetic song I love it
It's so nice and beautiful sound ilove ittahanan is my fav song and saksi Ang langit that's my fav song always
what's my favorite song
Haba naman ng ads
I love this all ding with music
I like music I have my friends sir Philippine your country is everything good I'm from Nepal
who’s listening with headphones on?
Best show in the world
People who knew every one
What are they feeding this people
I only know the sports because of Red Bull
Red Bull gives you balls of steel
His balls went right on the log
I knew all of them exisisted
Red bull always do crazy stunts
Only the ppl who do those sports know
One guy cosplay Jesus in the pond skimming and win
The ones that are trying to run up that pole is there smart they wore a cup
2 of those dudes running up that pole won't be able to have kids
That's amazing, I can't believe myeyes why you can do did lol supreme every sporter
Once again, one last short before bed. Wish me luck
No its giving"roses are red vilotes are blue  I bet u don't kniw I'm in ur celing staring down at u"my spelling is bad
this is it "The “Denver Spider Man” was a real criminal named Theodore Edward Coneys. Despite the nickname, he had nothing to do with the superhero Spider-Man. The name came from the strange way he hid inside a house.
The story is still famous in Denver because it’s so creepy—someone living hidden inside a house for months without anyone knowing.
If you want, I can also tell you the really creepy detail about the attic room he lived in… it makes the story even scarier.
Luckily it’s only 3:00pm for me
What I mean when I tell my bestie that I'm in her walls
Aww poor old man
That’s creepy ngl
I think they made a movie about this I think
Once again the last short before go to bed wish me luck
Muslims respect jesus more then  cristion.  Muslims love jesus
the 4th one was so funny
is now jumpscare
Not laughing
Bro the monster just jump scare me!!!  I mean that was creepy
Bro's video got alot of views
Last when is a jump scare
Bomba black clock
I cannot stop laughing
I did it with only smiling
Man: no litter please o yeah who going to stop me the monster: pow Man: so what happened if u huh: the monster got you  that literally made me get crazy
Have you seen people iron the but
The drooling
It. Says. Hallooooooooooooo.
The first one I was trying not to laugh but I was laughing so hard
Ah funny crashout
wait you said who wants spying on me through the window on playing gmod
the.  Last.  One.   Is.  Funny
Why isn't funny!?
She looked so concerned on some of them
Sub and like pls
Jesus what is this
Poor villager
Steve Turned to Sheep
Yo is young again and you are the best man tye world  is so beautiful  and the etreu will always come to life in your eyes
Why does the villager’s nose look the size of a ___
Type of sh*t bro send me at 3am
w me know if I have a taxi home
Kya aap log koi aacha hard drive recommend kar sakte hai kya like warrenty and last for long and best built quality aache ho plz
it’s a hack milk it.  what is he sayin
Tool guys cry here
I didn't expect this to appear , I enjoy the speaker a lot tbh, but that's just bcs of my taste, 6.5 is fair I agree
new way to get back at your noisy downstairs neighbors
10 kilos of muscle in 3 weeks
Bro is likingall of the comments except the baby ones
I don’t understand a ropeless jumprope. That isn’t jumprope at all
"super real not a scam cyberdog robot second generation"
my God what’s that sound
If you ever wanna make space I’d love to enter a giveaway for some of these amazing products
Dudes richer than mr beast
In my opinion gadget 7 that breaks the car door glass! It should be in every car just incase of an emergency especially in Elon Musks Tesla Cars hes a genius.
Make a video on shark tank gadgets...
Notice he sets password 67
Hey aron isn't this video sponsored by xiaomi? How can it be that everything is positive and not a single thing negative ?
Day 2 of asking for an iPhone from Sri Lanka  — one day maybe
I love the
Everything seems lacking actual effective utility. The "pressure" cleaner is a spray bottle and that's a 9/10? How much you got paid
Once the big sister heard the little sister high notes she was like nope you’re in control now I really should of known who was in control
The one in the Red Is Actually Crazy  bro But Their Both Good Ngl
I think it runs in the family..
Them bathrooms acoustics
Bro from my phone she broke the damn sound barrier gawd damn girl you need to be a singer both of you need to be singers
I didn't see that before how can you do this girl  i'm shocked
I can sing like that. I was just singing right now. It’s so beautiful. I will give you a like I like your beautiful, stinking little girl. I sing like that too. It’s so beautiful so much. It’s perfect
I like you too sweetheart
Its melting my ears
Love you you should make more videos
Both of them are so pretty
The only reason I like this song
The sister said that omg
Them: No need for for a DNA test  we already have our voice
She is adorable and I love her high pitch I wish I could be like her
Sooo good
You guy's should go to Australian idol
Your the man that I got the I got the I got the power you make the rain but I make I make I make shower you should know I’m the one that’s in control I’ll let you come take the wheel long as you don’t forge-e-e-e-e-e-t. (  I did the song ) this took me like 15 minutes lol) get me viralllll!!))
Yep she got the power
I can sound like that
How do you do that
I copied the same thing and I can also do it
Ohh really
3 star are you sure
Bro jumping 2 feet of the ground and sayin he has 40 inch vert
Wow I can do all that and faster
We got an athletic Kendrick Lamar from wish
wow! that is cool
Being that talented and going to Vandy is nuts . Can’t wait to watch my Vols wipe this guy off the face of the earth in 3 sports.
Is his wrist ok
For a second I thought he said Kendrick Lamar at the start
Only 40 inch with tat height is horrible
Soccer is crazy
everything but the iphone air
I just love your videos which are apart of the general "fast paced" videos everywhere and into a more peaceful and just...~ peaceful videos. But even more what I adore is your retro console series and especially the vlog from its camera. Thanks for all the amazing videos you dropped this year
Got my macbook air m4 and haven’t looked back. It was quite the upgrade from my 2013 pro
Nice video.  I love your watch and i also still play with my psp. I have a white one and a purple one. Whats the anime you were watching? Thanksss
Hey! I love your content, I know you’ve said you won’t go into detail about how you modded your psp but I just copped one and I’m planning on doing it. Do you have any pointers on how you went about it  thanks for creating!
Just to say I suffer from back issues, prolapsed disc, L4/5 and the best things that I have found to support my back are cranial osteopath, regular visits to chiro and pilates. Thanks for all your reviews. So helpful!
Happy Christmas Tom and thanks for all the awesome content this year. Fully in love with that wall clock
Wishing you a happy and healthy 2026, with a big northern hug from a fellow techtuber in Yorkshire
Yesssssss!! I’m always pumped to see these your end of the year wrap up, best video of the year! Super cool tech in this one
Awesome video as always. I really love your aesthetics and overall taste.
i didn’t really spend much on tech this year as my iphone 14 is still going strong, but what i did buy were two jisulife fans which had amazing battery life (10000mAh) and are extremely powerful. i live in a tropical country that is humid all year round and have also travelled to thailand which is also a tropical country so it has been a life saver.  i also recently upgraded my apple watch from the SE 2 to the Apple watch 10, but honestly besides the weight it isn’t that much of a difference to me so i was a little disappointed.
Probably the realest shit Ive seen for years. Hope he doing good now
You're surrounded by real men offering real help, reach out and hold on! Hell, I'm here!
Let him do the talking, and just listen to him. In that moment when he said “I’m tired” he needed you all to stand up and give him a hug man instead of just talking to him. Hang out together, sit round an open fire, get the bbq going and don’t have any alcohol around because that is worst thing you can offer someone who’s depressed. Water or juice is fine
Why is it that when the realest people in the world cry out? We can’t understand them in the moment. Hear this man cry out! Thank you Beasley. We hear you.
This is me at this very moment
Im 23 and ian neva felt so alone, my mom passed frm cancer back in november, my gma passed a week befo my bday in feb of this year, i dont have no friends and after both funerals the rest of the family went mia. I ended up losin my job and my car den my girl left. I was stripped of everything and all i got is myself. I feel yall pain and i wish the next gen wont have to go thru this.. i pray for the comment section cus i kno there are others like me but we jus to tired of bein judged and forgetten about. Men cry and torture ourselves in silence but in reality, we wuld lay down our swords for the ones we love the most
This episode hurt my heart
I cried when I seen this for the first time on tik tok ( song in the background . Billie Ellish  Ocean eyes  .” I’m just tired ! I’ve been looking for good people for so long …” Us good people: we get stepped on, they steal from us, lie to us, hurt us ( we stay away from everyone) and it hurts
HE WANTS TO PLAY BALL!!!! Help him play Ball !!! He don’t need friends, he don’t need words, he don’t need hangouts he wants to hoop  give him a Job he is to good to not play
I feel him when you get to the point  of exhaustion
I felt that part when he said everybody walking around like they got it together
HE AIN’T LYING! everybody was on Kobe’s jock when he passed and now 5 years later people bashing him left & right
Big Mike my brother, change the things that you can let go of the things that's out of your control and know the difference between the two and you will be amazed brother, understand that the gift of life is your gift  and you enjoy your gift of life, never mind what others are doing with the life , you must understand that you are a gift for others who will enjoy just being around you to share the gift called life, so many human beings are going through things that you will never see, so on the journey of life take it one day at a time and rewrite your own story as you travel on the journey of life., include things that are positive in to your journey of life, and drop things that are heavy that is on your plate because those things aren't yours to carry while on the journey, always keep your plate light and carry a light bag as you travel while on your journey of life until you cross the finish line of the race, GOD gave you life  to be a part of life while you are on the journey of the gift called life
Thank Goodness he in the Big3 doin his thang.  he to talented . If humble & hurt was a person OmG
Welcome to the ultimate retro journey, legends!
I’ve spent a lot of time in the studio mixing and mastering these classic hits from the 70s, 80s, and 90s to give you the perfect, seamless listening experience. I hope this set brings back wonderful memories and fills your day with positive energy!
Question for you: If you could travel back to any concert in the 70s, 80s, or 90s, which one would it be? Tell me in the replies!
Thank you for being part of our music family. Wishing you a fantastic day ahead. Don't forget to Subscribe to keep the spirit alive!
Bestvsong ever to end the this!
I had a rough week .   This picked me up right away  thank you! Took me back to the basics of life and great memories
Eleven from water for fire
No better music will ever be created than this era!
Came here for 70's, 80's and 90's hits, sayed fpr coffee on the table
This Is music, no the strangest noises in the acutally, excludind dedamau5, have a blessed day everyone, greetings from México
Some culture or diversity would be nice in the video ..
I wanted to say this for a long time noww
the most awkward hug caught on camera
Nintendo gonna sue the  outta you for that thumbnail
Yoooo when i saw Tommy i jumped out of my bed
You guys have to play brawl
Tiling Window Manager
Accent is poking ears.
love to see tom
Tommy is living my dream of sitting with Arun for unboxing, also he gets to choose and keep 3 gadgets  Damn!
Bro is unboxing youtubers
This was very bad content. I only came here becuz I love arun. But collaboration with this guy made this content very immature. Sorry. Dislike
why is there a banana randomly stuffed there
if he isn’t gonna take it can I have it …… it will a huge upgrade from my excuse of laptop with i3 chip
Now this is really the most unexpected colab
@1.43 check bros hard drives after that comment
Nintendo is about to ban it
Wow it is so awesome
hahahaha so funny
has head is egg
Kaydens brother
3rd one is
why did the black market records post this
I hope this meme comes back
What the f###
Please Subscribe for more! Thank you all!
If I got an 84 my mom would’ve cooked me instead of the food
my seat partner in math
Your the bast
. Why does the dad sound like that and not the deep voice
Frrrr bro that's Literally how I scratch my hand bro
Please hit the like button on my comment
Bro said um when he asked 2+2
I know I’m not the first comment but can I please be pinned?
Making a big batch of chicken  jenrjrjrjf
ammkk skidkk and the by far the most fun  so far me
POV: me when I am in my camp pool
Bruh I do that at the Macdonalds to
I just bite my hand to
the one where luke asks his father what starts with an f ends with an f but dosen't have an f in it is so funny
it’s the forbidden technique
I LIKE THE SMELL OF UR HAIR shhhh I like the smell of ur hair
“Bear Bear Bear Bear Say Bear Bear To Bear Bear Dummy Bear Bear This Bear Bear Got Bear Bear I Bear Bear Long Bear Bear How Bear Bear Look Bear” Got Me
The part where he wished his parents troubles to go away got me dying
The video is great
Guys can you like  my comment I have never had coments
Hey my mom my papa and dad died also I am adopted
to 8:15 lol
great.listen and be happy
This song made me to get my lover for life.thanks me don Williams may God bless you
My Dad used to listen to this songs I miss him so much
Am here in 2026 enjoying the music while making wigs in my room
cool listening this 12Apr anyone on board?
This reminds me my late brohers they played till dawn ilove these cowboys
I listened to most of his song because my late mother just loved his song when listening to this I can feel my mother's presence
love from papua New Guinea
lam 23 years from Uganda it rilly moves in my body and i get peace and it makes me humblei love country music
Am here in South Africa listening  08:8 date of 9th April 2026
Here I am loving it, tearing down ,it just gets to me,April 2026 reminds me of my old man.pa couldn't dance but would move his knees to the rhythm miss u pops
I'm from  Malawi   the" Warm  heart of Africa "   my Dad used to listen  to this beautiful  music I follow the paths
Money just can't buy when we were together
This is a big help especially for someone like me who is away working, yes working abroad..it relieves stress and sometimes fatigue but I still thank the Lord for life and strength.  Praise God for all this!!!! Im from in the philippines
but I'm here in Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Watching from Fiji  Favorite ALWAYS
Missing my father
Anyone want to be my friend
I love country music I'm from Philippines watching from Philippines love this song
My wife and me love countryall best from Croatia
I can never get tired of listening to country music, it really goes to every part of my body and heals me. I am in South Africa .... Go country go....
These things are a bit pricey
I prefer my mini Kaweco fountain pen  and it’s nearly the same size.
Your friend in the plane left alone with a switch
Bro the roav glasses look like it’s made for minions
It's the way he just sneaks in the ads
This video reminds me why I'm watching this channel in the first place... Really great/useful review
Iniu is not an Amazon brand
Another advert
Inspector Gadget
…. I leave my house twice a week,..is the "Rolling Square Tau-2 Battery" gonna suffer from be'n on its charger that long?
….Where is the smoke comin' from? (Just after 3:25).
5 to 6 cards for the Secrid. I used to have 6 cards when I was 12 Come on, we need more card space,
I cannot fine the sunglasses URL...
...Those of us from the other side of the pond from you ARE NOT grabbing a flashlight first.
its a glass breaker  i feel like you guys in the uk should know what that it
HAHAHAHHAHA Durant just let the ball go and walked away like a bad kid caught in the act
His face says a story
KD is just a good average player if he did not git traded he is just like Barkley no Ring in his resume  see how Dumb KD is
This is why kd will never ever b on LeBron level let alone Kobe n that character mj
Handsome sengun
It's the weeeeed !!
Poor Rockets thought they hit a Jackpot with KD not knowing they hit a  cursed KD every team he jumps to apart from Warriors he always ruin it..
Not as bad as JR Smith
Sengun grabbed him like bro chill
This is almost as bad (funny) as the out of bounds call KD got away with. If I'm not mistaken, that was a season opener too  wth
The reaction of Kd mental black and sengun why why
He was THIS close to pulling a Chris Webber.
He about to start twitter beef with Sengun
They didn’t see it is funny . Trust me bro they saw it
Their free-throw
KD gave the ball to Sengun like it was the murder weapon and left the crime scene like he saw nothing.
He hurried up and gave sengun the ball
Even when sga foul baited kd and then kd fouled out, Sengun lost it
lol mistakes happen chill out
“Yeah, you gotta do some dance next ”
I’m still waiting for him to be funny
Over cover, like some one better cover this dude up
"Pull-up a candy corn Zach."
I would’ve been cuddled up with the grandma prolly bricked up too
“And im thinking im eating it alone.”
"He was knifed out"
That would have been the time to meet him  omg !
This is one of the funniest videos
This guy is so awesome in every way
“Nicotine make me not be able to sleep that good and wake up being scared”
“Move the sails”
"Magnum P.I.E."
“The game existed, then I existed” what a way to say your guilty
Theo has a way of breaking people outta character even some of the absolute smartest, most sophisticated people in the world appearantly haha
I’m dying
He is so funny and that guy everyone just wants to be around. It hard to believe he has had his dark times but rose above
Chris delia and Theo von are The two  funniest podcasters in my opinion I don't really like their stand up but them in podcast form is bar none GOATS(PODCAST WISE) Just the speed in the jokes that they come with and the people that they shoot this s*** with and then dying laughing makes everything not much better however with that being said the way you feel Vaughn did Chris delia was dirty
Smoke rock with a lobster bib
Rearrange the letters of sister
The Lord will get you in that bitch
You could put bacon under a corps and I’d have a little
yo this exact thing happened to me like 2 months ago bruh
Theo's brain is wired different from regular folks
Stay authentic ... you are so funny
he’s trying to talk black so bad
So many comments people didn’t understand
This is not autism,this is something else teotismtic
You guys have slaves spirits rooming they are buried  close by believe me
Nice chill music
Everybody wants to marry you
Who's the singer please!
Thanks for subscribe
Funny pranks....
You peoples know why your here because the thumbnail
Very funny
Power of thumbnail
Wow so funny nice take care. .
Nice video
We miss you Freddie. Queen has never been Queen since. They try, but the world knows the difference. Still love the band don't get me wrong, just miss Freddie.
Fin
My uid Tonde gamer I have most need for diamonds for purchase evo gun I have not permanent squad only smart gameplay and my opponents is rich player CS rank
Tonde dai please  maile Bangladesh server ma request hanu na please  uid 6486558101
3004872136 plese my id
Tonde bhai hame aapke sath game khelna he me india surver chhor kor nepal surver me aapke sath game khelna chata hu subscriber hu me aapka please hame vi game lena please tonde vai
738896214 love from pak server isi tiger
Ab sab logo ka kya opinion hai is gun k baare mein
Dai apni guild kab join kr rahe
13527998029 bhaiya ap ka avaj pahale se jada achi ho gai hii please mujhe 1000daimant de do  mera  leval 52 hiii please please please
Please give me diamond tonde dai I am your big fanUID
Inhaler
He fires missiles from tehran now
one of the best play maker
He was so persecuted, goodluck to him
Don't mindestens what happened to that girl
You are mad
Erdogan finished his football career!!
Just like the current Arsenal team he has gone missing .
hes the one most creative players for arsenal...really miss him...
The best player
Ozil is so good
What a player for arsenal wish we had a play maker like him now
Love Ozil from India
Unknown projectiles? Iran is throwing rocks now?
Unlike withholding funding to blue States.
I  This News Station.
Trump's order of opening the strait of Hormuz for all ships except Iran's, what an order?
All praise and glory belongs to almighty God
Trump needs a punch in his face and a kick in the balls.
Yes, it's normal.  Over a span of a few hundred years or a few thousand. Generally characterized by extreme  and violent weather fluctuations over a vast geographical area before becoming the norm.  This has been occurring over just the past century and a quarter.  THAT is NOT normal.  And there's a difference between weather and climate.  Weather refers to local weather. Climate affects entire countries and geographical areas.  Carbon emissions from fossil fuels are THE main cause of rising temperatures around the world.  Just FACTS.
He went from 15 yards as a punishment to 15 months.
i was there
Refs need that sometimes
Can't tell if the crowd said oooh or boom
Where was that one guy running to?  Runs out helps in no way.
Haha. Go kid. Screw the entitled refs
Great tape for college scouts.
That was all in one game
Zion Williamson is goated in the age of 16
He was way too op bro
Bro looks like hes in his mid 20s in high school
He was an NBA-ready playing against high schoolers
Bro does better then me on a mini hoop
he as a 99 ovr it is crazy in high school
The first block gotta be personal
Hit his prime to early
W rizz and 99 over all
Basketball get most of the girls
Slick one of the best high school players EVA KEY WORK ONE OF so I'm ready to argue
That one cheerleader in the back is a man
Dawg this is like any of us playing in a 3rd grade mini hoop league
dreamed of!
Cant stop watchin that alley
Girls eyes on him
Is that the Zion guy in dunk city dynasty
These dunk is illegal in 50 countries
Bro how fast he is and how big he is he needs to play football and he would be a beast but this good work
Handshake was so buns Ngl
Thats what will happen when you negotiate with LUNATICS
I thought we already won the war
And yet IRGC has closed the straight...
Ooops. Closed again
believing anything coming out of trump or his cult
They’re don’t have the balls to shoot any of those fast attack boats  stop letting trump fool you people the moment they attack one of irans fast attacks it break the cease-fire, then IRAN can sink all of the US ships that’s in the strait. Bro don’t know which war he wants to fight, but mark my words he won’t leave them ships in the strait after the ceasefire is up they will sink every last one of them, remember what bro said “we’re waiting for them”
Those fast attack boats are one of the reasons the Strait of Hormuz is closed. yeah that’s not a threat.
Excellent
king of the Epstein Files
A president that actually does what he says .. insanely refreshing
good one !
How do none of you understand what's going on yet?  Not one comment in here .  You are all still thinking this is about Iran . God help us
And this is your source. President Trump. He doesn't even know where the strait is . He lies about everything. Fake news
Yes from trump truly intentions for peace and good for all
... What happened to the world...  South Park got nothing on us
So you people believe this like you believe his post with him as the Lord healing people while he claimed he was a doctor thinking it was about the Red Cross
Breaking: Trump says the 7 Dragon Balls are almost all collected and will summon the Blue Eyes White Dragon to use the Spirit Gun and become the King of all Pirates
19 hours later, Chinese ships are sailing freely
...and the cow jumped over the moon
The biggest bullshitter in United States history this man is a pedifile and a liar needs to be put in jail cmon congress remove him
trump is learning that he can not bully everyone. Oh yeah.....why isnt fox mentioning putin giving away us troop locations to iran..?
I bet when she got in that car the side of the car that she was on tilted
look what happened
Not the moan
That bean bag acting like a brick if a can push her
This should be an airbag company ad
I think I hear cracks but I feel so bad
Brooo, wh d hell
You gotta wipe your feet when you get out of that car.
Two bowling balls and a pin
“ that cloud looks like a drumstick” IM DEAD
We’re is the seat?
I CANT BREATH ITS TOO FUNNY
That family go  kfc eating  BALLS
Me to
What’s 10+9
How do they not break the car in the first place
caption: me after assaulting someone's dms for absolutely no reason
Caption: when you pee so hard blood comes out
you can send them to me
I love riftys hair
Why she look like a fish
Caption: how i look at bro after hes head got bashed by a baseball bat by the cartel (tung tung tung sahur refrence)
Caption:When Rifty says the funniest joke in planet earth
please get on the ground so I can beat you
#1 at least he is polite about it
Assault on officer is crazy
Why the police is obsessed with donuts though
I'm sorry if this is rude but Americans make such a big deal about 9'11 when there emergency number is 911
The doughnut one got me
“911” is the best answer for that one
"Please Get On the ground So i Can Beat You" lmao
The cop with the donut  was chilled. Cool  cop
The dirtiest, most vile, and most disgusting people...the American people and their pig of a president, Donald Trump...
The dirtiest, most vile, and most disgusting people...the American people and their pig of a president, Donald Trump...
“Now get one the ground so I can beat you”
That last guy, please get on the ground so I can beat you LOL
Number 2 is just peter Griffin
Lol the last one was very good
the 4th one
yes way
Yes way
Yea 911 hahahahah
I'm supposed to hit you with this.
moral of the story: we need cops with down syndrome because they're honest
I have no words on this first clip
Why the donut officer sound like trump
Ayoo the first one
..musik.  buksn masala oje.masalsh ku.  Gsk ada usng oje. Was.zna the best way to get back into work
I got chills hearing Phil Collins .  I remember the songs and videos.  I feel ancient.  Congrats to all the nominees.   Well deserved d
Trump ia a classless moron disrespectful to the  Pope.   Trump does not like peace and harmony.   He is the Devil  in disguise
Trust Nobody in the Political Spectrum Democrat, Republicans and Independents
Great music thanks
The Bahamian police should have kept him in jail…he did it, I am sure, my bones feel it
We live in a crazy world
Walks like a duck talks like a duck it’s usually a duck
Thanks ABC news and David Muir to travel so many news and even showed the richest music ever all over the Wold
The president of Israel and the president of Argentina are brothers
Respect to Principal and Sunoco employee.  Boo to Donald Trump
Congratulations to All for Getting in Thank you David Muir and Team for doing an excellent job I So appreciate you
Dam, that principle is a fucking HERO. That reaction time was amazing sir, well done
lol
Why she think she is OVERSMART
Check out my post!
Who’s here after Kate left
My fyp is slowly healing
Look at Harper, just being her adorable self
lol haper
The girl is so dumb he didn't say the word
Say this what color is the sky what color is the pony ha I made you say the word and then he would say you said green and then he said it and I love your video's so much
Bro Said : I have played these games before
Whi is no one talking about her unfortunate hairline
The chair cash is sitting on I have it
Did you just checked if I wrote blue or green bud?
Images boo See's that she will terrified  0:01
there is no way bro spelt friend wrong bro  L
it played a car commercial for me at this point
The first one had me dying
My brain be like when I’m washing dishes  my brain* I wonder what would happen if you stuck you entire arm down that drain and then turned the garbage disposal on while your arm is still all the way down there
This is comedy gold.
Me patiently waiting for my mom to get done talking to someone she never met:
When I’m breathing really loud:
When someone else breathes really loud :
I wake up at 5 am and my parents removed the clock then I hear birds :IMG  (stormed to school)
The shoe one wear it says match the lines
Waittt it this is relatable to literally everyone....then is this world like-Is everyone doing this?
the shower part i know everyone i the comments can relate
Yes best and correct hehehe
service of this is
I'm also trying this
The only way I could do a good  is this was a good idea for a new game I have a few ideas on what I the best game is this was  a good idea
I pray HE helps you believe in HIM and GOD be with you always
What the  back court shot
The score
Coach must be really mad
Bro pulled out the forbidden BASKketball move!
Now both teams are in the finals
Thought this was a finals game
And he traveled
I would’ve chase down block still
And now there both in the finals
Lol
Front court violation
Bro that’s gotta be one of the hardest layups to make
It's backcourt violation anyways. So he's dumb
Backcourt violation
Radhe radhe bhai aapka khana peena bilkul desi hai very nice video always the Best
Radhe Radhe bhai
Radhey Radhey
Radhe radhe ji
Radhe radhe radhe radhe
Radhe radhe
I don’t know how
This movie was outta pocket bruh, cuh losts his girl to a stinger
HoW TO YOU LIKE THE SMELL OF - that's not ok
This is gold
(Day 16) of making my channel to be popular from only comments
"NOT AS MUCH"
not forcing they might not know english
Everyone on YouTube is so unfunny…like why everyone so mad
Mac: bro I’m dead  (biologically speaking I am, in fact, alive. However, to emphasize how hilarious I found this, I made a hyperbolic statement saying that I was dead because it implies that I found this video so funny I ceased to live. However, I am indeed alive and well so there is no need for you all to worry. I was simply employing the tactics c of figurative language in order to better and more effectively communicate my message. Additionally, using slang and sayings commonly employed by the youth has made my message more understandable and reachable by the younger generation, many of whom are in this chat. For example, I could have said "that video was a real knee slapper". This would have made sense to some of the older people in this chat as knee slapping used to be a sign of hilarity. However, in this digital age in which we now live, knee slapping is not as common and many of today's youth may not understand the reference. I therefore made my message more understandable to younger people through my use of simple, easily understood slang. I hope this clears everything up, and I appreciate any concern that I was actually dead. I can assure you I am alive and well. Credit to punchy on tiktok btw
Why dose he sound like Joe and American dad
Stop I have a Vietnamese friend lol I love this I’ll show it to her
Growing my channel through comments
The fire   from  bee.   F####!
nah this is actually ridiculous
Become an AI Master – And create best Prompts - https://aimaster.me/
Very good
Your vlogs are insane  thank you for feeding us
like what do you do for work im jealous
honestly i don’t remember how long it’s been since i started watching you! but i do know i found PB and then started watching you and remi  it’s so crazy bc i started watching PB from my breakup and you girls helped me so much and veen hooked since then. love yall sm!
I don’t know if you ever read this comment but I want to say that this is my dream life!!! Loving all of you so much and I truly hope I’ll come to California and live my dream life. I’m from the country of Georgia, currently studying my MA in France at the American College! Sending lots of love and thanks for the video!
Awesome.
This is ur hair color!
Carter and Justine are such a vibe
Luvvv the vlog !!
They say long form content is dead… well honey not one second of this lost my attention. Something about the way it’s edited or maybe it’s your energy, but it keeps me soooo engaged! Keep being you
Another day of celebrities remind me how much broke iam
Carter has the best energy  I love him !!!!
BIEBERCHELLA!!!  Thanks for the vlog Stas, it's so exciting!! Can't wait for the next
the awkward smile after braces is so true  istg that’s a thing
I'm still trying to find a vlogger who camps in the expensive area where they get all their blow up pools out
PLEASE do a video on how you guys make french toast and grilled cheese! I need to get on that!
I just looked up those sweatpants... 8:04 $595.  Cool. Cool. Cool... So won't be getting those. Um, so cute tho.
Please don’t stop filming your beauty treatments it’s how I learn!
November is  inpeachm for old
Well...in their defense...None of them are Adjudicated Rªpists or Convicted Felons....or both
This scambug maga buffoons  are the very reasons created this monster  in our world.
Can't he just behave like normal???? What's wrong with acting like a President....who can think logically???? maybe govern a country...listen huh how bout that?
It took them HOW long to realize this?
They are SMART people who NOTICED Trump BETRAYED the MAGA movement!!!! And they are not into it anymore!!!! I hope all the maga followers were as SMART as them!!! BUT THEY ARENT
These people are getting paid by Iranians Regime want to stop the War
funny he is a santist
Money money money  for themselves.  The rest of us pay for their luxurious lifestyle and wars.
The Republican party is responsible for creating this monster
Trump is nothing like he was 1st term,He's not helping the people at all ,he's created a mess,he's taking from the Elderly an the poor
Take a look in the Mirror Fools look hard
Don't forget Elon Musk who used Starlink
Y'all made him the monster
Ye to munnawar ka kregi
AnujiliNs kon h mc
Ye sochrahi hogi munwarr ka nam lenge coment me log
Elvis badwa
Elvis badwa
Kachha badam pe reel banake jo viral hua usko kar do
Gand hilane ka power
Elvish bhai ka hi
SNIPER KING NST VS ITZ KABBO PLEASE
SNIPER KING ITZ KABBO VS NST
the last one
The third one got me
I don’t have a crush. I have a girlfriend and I’m seven
I don’t have a crush. I got a girlfriend.
The dog is pooping in the road
RIP animal
Can we please go back in the morning
The lizard
Me and my brother we’re doing a challenge and we put water in her mouth and we watch this video and I choked I swear I saw the light.
Third one: bro became grandma
Hahaha I wad on the floor dying laughing
Freddy fazbear talking now  alien  stop the dog is messed up
The eagle dog
I feel so bad for that dude when the dog ruined his progress on the wet concrete
The third one is crazy
Try not to laugh  Try to laugh
Third one she aged 60 years from now
The last one why did i see im a girl
bro the 3 is funny
The fourth one is
The  third one
Where did the lizzo go
I laugh because of the second one
thats not even funny
One
What is that creature hahaha
The first one
The 2 one lol
Omg
Lizard is so dancing and got out
The last one
An he face
The one with holding the bicycle on bra, both the bicycles except for the one behind him
sooo Funny lol
The doggg
Yo, that lizard with the macarena playing got me.
@mkbhd what do you think about just having for personal use, like just photos and music, Web browsing etc. ?? I’ve got like 80,000 photos  and a lot of music. Would it be enough for that ?
also check the date
Bought the Citrus MacBook Neo (the lock key 256GB one) at Apple Robina!  mine!
Be very careful when buying the newest Apple products… I bought two HomePods 14 months ago, and while I was using them perfectly fine, for the last month they started turning on and playing music by themselves. First, we tried resetting them, thinking it was our fault, but then I saw countless complaints online. They replaced both of mine, but the warranty only has about 7 months left. If they have a problem again in 1.5 years, I'll have spent 36,000 TL on speakers to use for 3 years… . They don't extend the warranty and they don't want to admit that the problem is widespread. So, Apple isn't the Apple it used to be. Do your research thoroughly before buying a product, and maybe don't buy one for a while, be careful and do not trust Apple…
I have de early 2020 i3 Mac Air, should I upgrade for this one? Is it worth it or nah??? Thanks
Im thinking about it. But it is NOT cheap in europe
alr have a nice day
Just wait… it’s coming.
its the SE of mac books...
$599 for a sleek MacBook with macOS is wild
MKBHD reviewing Apple? Here we go with the sassy barbs, sarcastic jabs,  underhanded stabs and passive-aggressive scabs.
It looks cheap
Haha it's indeed a chromebook
Why buy any Macbook when u can get a Surface for less?
Hopefully he'll be a disappointment to the Brussels Mafia.
What she said ? I don't now i only looking one her grey suit
Hungry, sigh of relief, orban
Send the doctors enginiers and Pilots to Budapest .... Goodbye HUNGARY
It's easier for Brussels to control Hungary now, good luck with this new president,, and open your borders to illegal
Bro is actually so awesome I came even make a door
Download the free schematics on my discord which is linked in the description of my new tutorial video! Like and subscribe and have a great day!
I don't think isse better kuch milta mujhe at that price. Charge hi nhi karta isko me 2-2 din
Me to pachtara is phone ke leke
Let me tell you my experience with Google pixel 6a. So I bought it in 2023 and hardly used it for 7 or 9 months as my screen got damaged and I couldn't effort to replace it due to very High cost. And since then It was in my cupboard for almost 2 years . Recently I get it repaired by putting a lcd panel coz that's the only way I can make it usable. When I restarted I was shocked that it was running on Android 16 and it was working really awesome and smooth. Earlier due to that reason I bought poco which was ofcourse a cheap and not stable but okay to use. But now I'm really loving my Google pixel it runs very smooth and best   cameras are still best then other Chinese phones. The only issue I'm currently having with the phone is battery which drain very fast. But other than that everything is very good in the phone. It has all latest features that Chinese new phone doesn't offer    so my purchase was worth
M using pixel 10a and same condition  bro
Bsdk aag he order kya tha
I was about to buy 10 A. Now, I'm confused. Please suggest.
Jhoot bol rha h bhai m to pixel 8a use kr rha hu jab usme aisi koi problem nhi h to ye to 9a h
Watching on pixel 9
Watching in google pixel 9
Bro never used the pixel 9a for a month, as a tech youtuber he constantly had many phones to review and in the end, he compared the phones and never got to experience it and never explained about it's features
Every person know pixel isnt a gaming phone and it gives cool tone and iphone gives warm  it's been like this for long time
Well instead of listening to me check yourself and I have samsung, pixel and huawei phone so peace
Pixel phones are perfect for those who have only used pixel phones
Im using pixel 7
Thank You very much
Most super hit most listened songs of Asha bhosle
Most super hit most listened songs of Asha bhosle
May her soul rest in peace
"Birth and death the only two TRUTHs no one can escape. " God bless all.
RIPASHAJIGod bless her beautiful soul. We'll miss you always. When she was live her own people's hurts her & betrayed her now she is in heaven in peace. That peace she couldn't find when was live .
Rest in eternal peace Asha  Jii ....God be with your family in this sad moment
Hare Krsna
We will miss you for ever.RIP.condolence s &prayers
Rest in peace
The World will remember her forever
Wew LJ clutch shots from MPBL to PBA
Aray ngani
Wow congratulations
You love it when you see your import celebrate that way, nice Win Nlex
Shooting a 4-pointer when the game was tied, and actually losing the game itself LOL
Nice pass coming from Bollick
What a Comeback Nlex
When you opened the box of chargers I was rolling
Austin please can I get the iPhone or Samsung for content creation like you
The triple charger box sent me flying  this episode was comical as all get out.
I dont know why it makes me feel so good to see Austin getting scammed........but it does lol. Keep getting the L and I'll keep watching
I’d never buy a mystery box because you’re likely to get scammed. But I got an eco friendly iPhone 13 from them last year and it only has some tiny unnoticeable scratches on the bottom of the screen. Works and looks great otherwise
Truly some devious timing
i was laughing so hard on the chargers and pop sockets lol u shoukd do a giveaway on the pop sockets @austinevans
As I said in their comments section even, anyone that embellishes the phrase "plug" with their business, attracts a certain type of people, and everybody else those that when someone says they're the 'plug', they're slapping heads or scamming people.      These people slapping heads Big Time, just so their purchasers can say they got from "plug tech" cuz 'they're the plug'
Gets a mystery box....wants it to be labeled . He's a Pokemon fan so he knows what a mystery box is .
Can i have the mackbook? i have an hp but the the old one like a couple gens behind and its low gb and i cant afford one im in jamaica so
Oh god that butterfly keyboard ptsd
The S20 and S21 do look different dude. Shocking lack of knowledge for a tech tuber.
At the time I was going to get a s20 phone but ended up with a note 20 ultra
erm actually it the beats fit pro
He said would it hurt if you got shot
But he wasn’t in Utah  he was with Charlie sheen
Listen to Joe at 5:00 back tracking so fucking quick like we don’t see through his bs  Netenyahu tappin dat bald head ain’t it.
Dude, you were doing a pod cast when this happened!  lol
Joe was hunting in Utah when this happened? I thought it was sitting there with Charlie Sheen
A 30-06 never left an exit wound on a human neck?
Joe is lying here I remember he was in the studio with Charlie when Kirk got shoot he was reacting to it live wtf bro wasn’t out hunting
Maybe he got it confused with when trump got shot
Woh the reverse
Enough youtube this shiz
What is this
So Funny
Uwyfwywtwu I haven't been able to get the year t shirt for the weekend and It's not they are going on a bit more to do it
The way Roy screams
Poppy that neck sis
Bro 21:46 was so funny I literally fell of my bed dying in laughter
And thats on what  periodddddd!!!!!!
Now kEep DiS rooM DoU opEn it SmeelS like Bootey17:46
Guys, I have to stay home from school today because I hit. Are you guys did Nana Nana boo-boo?
lol the weak girl cooked why her wig go of like that
Girl, she is on something she bit me got me crying
Do student Royal rumble please
Pop that neck sis
Pop that neck, sis
What shoes are those somebody help??
Hell nah that's totally legal and should be worked on immediately.
Only way to shoot over wenby
You still have to be a good shot, its much harder actually
My dad can do this too
That's some next level shit
That's what asian basketball ball called
Traveling outer space
From my childhood I'm thinking about this move, thanks to make it real
Next the guys will start lifting eachother in the air by way of wedgies. Like the Rugby players.
i though he would step on shoulder of his defenders a literal cross-over
NBA = Ninja Basketball League
Wemby probably still blocking that
Isiliye to don't judge a book seeing it's cover  maghiye
China  always creates new skills in basketball that don't even get recognized by the NBA to this day .
Shaolin Hoops
Of course it’s legal. It’s a team sport after all.
He is just a happy guy
Bro I am in sikkim there is normal for mountain
At the same time
GAMING  chair is missing
This is my dream jo me bhi ik din pura kru Syd
1 . Drawing I like so much
Majak se hatkee
The motivation
So we find out LeBron can still carry a team he just don’t want to
I was at this game, and I stood right in front of  LeBron for the chalk toss! I Almost Passed TF OUT!!!
Princess James is literally scared of the Spurs . What an absolute pussy.   Please retire, we all hate you.
Ha he asked JJ a real smart last question there to get a laughor else we’d have heard “we already talked about this!”
Knecht so under rated I wish they played him more
Finally Cleveland LeBron has returned
Jazz was this bad
Imagine lying to the public that “ you still got it “ because you played the Utah Mormons
(3) YouTube Dean Odle EU The Mountain Of God In The North, Paradise and Christmas!!!  (Skip Part 5, The Anti-Exodus 20:11 [KJV], Anti-Revelation 21:1 [KJV] AND Anti-Matthew 19:4 [KJV] Gap Fiction)
is really LeBron gonna retire?
Utah so bad , dk looking like an all star
Imagine you're able to tell your kids and grandkids that you played volleyball w LeBron James shot. so crazy
The Los Angeles Lakers are 53-29
App ro kyu Rahe ho
Di please horror story about the old flat pleasee
Handsome padosi crying in corner
Boild egg
Didi Maine apki video dekhi monjolika Wali usme jo apki drees par lga tha vo blood tha isliye monjolika ne apse apka blood group pucha tha aur vo jo apko avaj athi thi vo dice thi par alag type ki thi kyunki Maine suna h ki koi alag dice athi h. I hope ab apke sath esa kuch nhi ho  aur aap satark rehna
New house home tour
Yes I will vote for horror story about old flat
Batau naa didi horror story of old flat
vote for Horror story about old flat
No more handsome padosi talks
Di you are so cute
Please make home tour video
Didi ki you are righghty or lefty please please please please please please please didi tell i am your big fan
Handsome padosi crying in the corner
Don't forget to do Puja in your new flat
Wo to sad hoga na
Detroit St. Brown is somewhere smiling.. well done yungin
Ofc the ref has to throw a god dang flag bro
Ref jus looking a reason... To throw his flag... Bet his wife picks them up all over the house... .. he's definitely a red flag kinda guy
wtf is that celly??
I wish this kid that scored would have played in my day because I'd have knocked out all his teeth as a free-safetynot for showboating; but because I go for the 'soft' spotshe nor his dumbass teammates think it's Cool to wear the required hip, thigh, knee, and butt-padding for protectionSO THAT'S EXACTLY WHERE I'D AIM MY HELMET TO LIGHT HIS SKINNY A** UP!
Shout out to amon Ra St brown
I like that one.
Please pray to God
How to show what team your going for ref
That game on Roblox has that emote
He mad because he can’t imagine himself the ability to doing that
hahaha ref definitely went to that school or has family that did he had hand on flag as soon as my boy caught the ball hahaha
Not the Ref throwing a flag doing practice for excessive celebration come on
Nah the upside down was like in universe football
Im a ref and Im so tired of people acting like refs don’t like seeing people have fun…THERE ARE RULES TO THE FUCKING GAME STAY WITH IN EM AND KEEP ME OUT OF THE GAME. That fucking simple  talk about the people who made the damn rule or cry about the fact we don’t flag people for doing shit we don’t feel like it’s worth a flag. Who fucking cares how simple or innocent it was or their intentions behind it if its a rule not to celebrate? Witch has been a rule for bout a damn decade now, find another way to celebrate with your team. Im not against celebrating Im against grown ass adults acting like refs hate the kids or we have some vendetta against seeing people enjoy the game.
Im a ref and Im so tired of people acting like refs don’t like seeing people have fun…THERE ARE RULES TO THE FUCKING GAME STAY WITH IN EM AND KEEP ME OUT OF THE GAME. That fucking simple  talk about the people who made the damn rule or cry about the fact we don’t flag people for doing shit we don’t feel like it’s worth a flag. Who fucking cares how simple or innocent it was or their intentions behind it if its a rule not to celebrate? Witch has been a rule for bout a damn decade now, find another way to celebrate with your team. Im not against celebrating Im against grown ass adults acting like refs hate the kids or we have some vendetta against seeing people enjoy the game.
The song with the celebration makes this hilarious
What we need to watch now? Trump is insane. And out of spite he will retaliate on AFRICA because Pres- Duma Boko of Botswana rejected an invitation by US Trump of Israel to discuss a mineral resources deal Boko responded - "I should not be invited to America for a deal about resources in Botswana, it's Donald Trump who should come to Botswana. Don is a narcissist, sociopath, insane lunatic. Marco, Jared, BB, UAE, Trump, UK and France has destroyed the United States with Israel. He’s going to have to Africa next. This will be North Korea Russia China and Africa vs US of Israel and all taxpayers will be paying slaving for the rest of their grandchildren’s lives. No medical, esucation or housng included in this deal for US of Israel. Zionist need your children to get on the wheel  and stupid replies below. WHAT ABOUT CHRISTIAN churches and followers in Israel being spit on and unalived? FOX milktoast/ Can’t help a fool who won’t listen. Bibi vomits and you lick it up. Christian’s get beat in Israel everyday. Zionist did it before and the psychopaths are doing it again today. FOX is AIPAC Zionist and Evangelical nationalist are lying to you.
Pope!?? TDS, heal thyself!
According to the Bible Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever . According to the Bible and His Name Jesus Christ is Christian Not Catholic . Watch Frontline Hand of God  .
I like that map. But I prefer the land at the top. The house on the hill and those nice big fields
Americans elected a dictator who’s dictating yet believe they have a democracy.
Trump loves Benjamin Mileikowsky but hates the first American   Pope!!!
The Pope visited ALGERIA  a beautiful country with amazing people
No one listens to the poop
My story is shocking
Shouldn't be worry more about how to remove his name from the epstein list then criticism towards trump
Pope needs to talk to Iran and their threats to America for the last 47yrs!! or keep his mouth shut.
You would think he would start and try to fix the Vatican first and then tell world leaders how to manage their business lol
Stand Strong for Jesus Christ
,  rather buy a coffee flask
You speak very fast
Your makeup looks flawless! Would love a makeup tutorial
Pray to God before it's too late! Live for him before it's too late! Do what he asks you to do before it's too late! Repent your sins before it's too late! Read the Bible before it's too late! Live for Jesus and God before it's too late! Follow Jesus and God before it's too late! Repent your sins before it's too late! Amen and God Bless!
Where is from the first top in the clip ?
this is ssso adorable! i'm starting my youtube channel soon and aspire for it to become this!
You Are So Beautiful . I was struggling to hear you bc of that
Because silence erases, and Kurdistan refuses to disappear. Talk about its mountains, its stolen names, its forbidden language. Talk about the pain, and also the pride. As long as Kurdistan is spoken, it is alive. As long as it is remembered, it is not defeated. Talking about Kurdistan is resistance. Remembering Kurdistan is survival. Loving Kurdistan is a duty that never ends.
I just discovered you in my yt home page and I did not skip 10 seconds once in this video. I wasn’t bored at all and your conversations flow so smooth even you talking about the water bottle lolI enjoyed your video
The Shampoo is use !!!  Welcome ;)
Is Pedro envy of hers
Who did others be other ?  Cuz a person who sells
Hey i am fan of you from kerala
Are you advertising or promoting that water bottle?  Why so unnecessary information
girl im sorry this is not relatable to the video, but you seem like such a rage baiterlike you have the facial expressions of someone who rage baits loll
Just want to let you know that you are so lucky for me, i uploaded my vlog and came here to watch random video but i choose to watch you vlog and in just 15 min received 8.6k views on my recent mini vlog
I love this sooo much!! No joke, you actually might be my new favorite vlogger
Catching up on your videos because of how busy I’ve been at school and it feels like a reward alsooo happy super late birthday, hope you enjoyed yourself
Also my life too
this is not at ALL meant to put mckenna down, but hearing her say a white tshirt was $16 and follow it by saying "are you kidding" (as in that's cheap) gave me a little bit of whiplash lol. i'm sitting here trying to shop for warm clothes for the chicago winter and not able to spend more than $15 on a cute designed shirt off amazon, instead i'm trying to scrape together $50 for a cheap coat and boots. this is not meant to be spiteful, kenna's worked hard to get where she is and she's absolutely able to share her purchases. but with the climate of the world rn, i don't think a lot of people can relate to her shopping unfortunately. sharing this for the people in my position, calling a $16 plain tshirt not expensive may come off as a little insensitive at this time. i don't think mckenna meant this in a spiteful way at all, just sharing a different perspective. thank you for your videos i love watching and appreciate you sharing with us
girllll!!!! I almost got that pink striped tank top from the brandy in Boston, but I talked myself out of it because I'm trying to be frugal. I saw that you tried it on and I was lowkey hoping you didnt get it because I knew if you did, I would want to go back and get it so badddd!!!! I knew I made a mistake as soon as I left, and you confirmed that even moreeeeee. I'm going to go back and get it for real!  its sooooo cuteeee. I even thought of you when I tried it on, I should have gotten it
hi I started watching your channel and I love it! I love your vlogs :)
Not done watching yet but wow that whole decluttering segment was so satisfying and inspiring! It looks like you're setting yourself up for a great week . If you'd like support with editing or thumbnails, I can step in (happy to do a free test edit ). I'm trying to take the editing stress off you and save you time so you can be more consistent.
You convinced me ! I NEED that mini Stan it’s perf
Omg I love the rare beauty blush in happy too
I feel like the mini hydroflask is PERFECT for an "adult sippy cup" if you will, like when you want to have juice or a different flavoured drink in your lunch! I appreciate the little rant tbh! We sell them at my work (Sport Chek) in Canada so I will definitely have to check the employee pricing on it
they way everything went silent
You're concerning
Like what goes in your mind every day?
Cam what’s wrong with you? Because you’re stupidly crazy.
That’s so not slay
“ope there I am” I LOVE CAM
Cam how could you I’m 4 foot 4
I'm deslexic with words no shit cam
"Waking the Wiggler"
Im 5'4 and i was super duprr frs totally offended by getting called a garden gnome
I'm  trying to do try not to laugh u ahhhhhh
”how about you go to build a pear and get some big boy balls bi-“
“do they think I was just waking my willy or something??”
puta means bitch btw (i think)
Bro what was the first 2 minutes bro just talking about peanuts and abortion
him checking his pulse
you are still trying to fight with them ?
Rip juice wrld  also cam you always make me laugh
A CRAB
got me hiding in the comments
Alejandro my husband, Gabriel my second husband and Drew is my crush
I can't deny the love and affection I have for them! I've followed them since the reality show, and seeing their performance and hard work fills me with pride! They are wonderful and deserve all the success!
OJALA CANTEN KAWASAKI TMB
Where's Kauê and Kenneth ending fairy?
I love this soooong
Omg, Gabi aegyo as the thumbnail! I love it! Gabi, you’re doing amazing! All of STBV did amazing! I’m so proud of you!
Very nice
Please mujhe bhi sabki tarah hi todha sa support de do please
Bro video day by day
Thnx for 225 subscribe keep sporting guys please
Please help me.
Please
Mango is soooooo cute
show off ki dukan bechari nayi nayi ameer bni h so sad
Naye naye amirr just show of and promotion in every video
Itna show off kyu krte ho tumlog ? 1 lakh wo b 1 din m udana yaha hm doctor k paas b Jane m kitni baar sochte  h ki per visit 2-3 hazar ka kharch ho hi jayega kya kre or tumlog pani ki tarah bahate ho paise or fir show off b krte ho
U are very sweet
Dude no hate but stop this unnecessary showoff be like your sister she is so down to earth because of her you got famous so be gentle
Plz reply me
Di aap ka video mujhe bahut mast lagta hai please reply me di
Subscribe for more
250mgs
Hahahah you got to love Joey he’s a real
I take 30mg and let's just say it's enough for me
Love Joe ,Joey and that other fella. Save Ireland
A coworker when to a wedding at the reception he sat down to eat someone gave him a pot cookie he didn't know it at the time so he ate all of it 20 minutes later he was so stoned he couldn't eat his meal,
Tolerance must be low. Maybe it's a difference between xx and xy? 1,450mg is my minimum, daily  I shit you not. Challenge?
2026 be like : Pehchana mujhe dhum dhum tedeo
My fav is Moye moye and muh me dedunga choco
Binod Sigma and aloo khaoge
Indian
Baigan.
Last wala kitna funny tha
Pechana mujhe thum thum tenau
9- dance Aacha tha guru
Bro now it's 2026  but old is gold
Title ko badalkar India ke sabse famous memes kar pure world mein aisa nahin Hai
5 from Pakistan  not India
Receipt of 2025
Bole bole sajna bheege hue rajma
Meanwhile *Binod* trend
Real no 1 famous meme is aaloo khaoge
bhai kaka is not a meme respect his talent
That guy is  Italian they love leftovers
I love some Theo
Of course he is and so is Charlie Kirk next question
What about the autopsy in the corpse having a p state? Epstein didn't have one and you can't just regrow one and they don't do surgery to replace those bro explain that one big guy
"I bet Epstein was trying to slurp him!" Lol omfg Theo is the best
Joe said no!!!! In the end it's all secretly Jew funded
What about the officer that said that he helped him escape and then end up
It wouldn’t shock me if Joe Rogan was an israeli agent to
Well Joe that’s the end for you my buddy !! We already know that you support Israel don’t worry
Joe must be bought by isreal  scared to criticize
This conversation is awesome
said no man ever
..  beautiful MAriah...
Caught in a trap  I can't get out
All or none (but China Russia India and Pakistan) are excluded
Block the already blocked
All in all out but paying a toll  he didn’t mention that part!
Check mate Iranians! Trump will one up you and block the whole thing himself like the big brain president he is
What an absolute sh!t show  FDJT
Now he has a plan
Let’s open the straight by blocking it
So if for example there is an Indonesian ship going out/in and out of Iran (because Iran is allowed) then it will be shot by the American military ??
The Massacre: Jan 8-9, 2026. 36k–90k civilians slaughtered. Reports confirm heavy weaponry used against residential balconies during a total internet blackout.
Economic Disparity: Iran’s 1% elite controls over 60% of national wealth. While inflation hits 65%, these elites thrive and use the poor—earning less than $100/month—as human shields.
Unfair Burden: The U.S. spends 3.5% of its GDP on defense, while most EU nations fail to meet the 2% NATO threshold. Despite holding 15% of global GDP, the EU remains passive against the China-Russia-Iran axis, with French aid to Lebanon being a mere fraction of its capacity.
U.S. Resolve: Without President Trump’s leadership, the U.S., which covers nearly 70% of NATO’s defense spending, would still be carrying the entire world. Freedom is not free, and the U.S. taxpayer should not be the sole funder.
Thank you, President Trump! It’s time for the EU to increase military spending and end the era of free-riding.
Ya the friends and family plans are Trump's thing..
We will block the Strait of Hormuz ...Okay, we will help you block it. It's called 'block aid'. Blockade
It's called Trump stupidity. All or nothing on his closed casinos right??
General Bonespurs as President is like playing Russian Roulette with seven bullets 101st Airborne
Israel is your friend and Ally , you are failings to reign that Regime in and stop them from Killing innocent people
Now trump is envy of Iran who blocks the strait. Now trump participated and made his own blockade crazy person
Lmao, they closed the straight, and we can't open it. So now we are closing it, lmao. Makes no sense someone is lying and has been maybe we we figure it out.
Complete Genius block what is already closed
Mai gareeb hu
Poppy flower gameplay?
You are best
The last one
My fav. Game was psp gow chains of Olympus
Last wala gaming consoles  bhot tagra ha
East or west mobile is always best for forever
My heart and prayers go out to you and family...
Good, keep the war on.
SELL SELL SELL...
I imagine this is the shit that goes down in every war. Just that social media isn’t prevalent back then, so the USA just keep Peng prata and backstab after to win.
U every 2 to 3 hours breaking news... why del the breaking news video posted by you few hours back?
Mr Loo is the new gatekeeper announcer
But to us we see is not for long term view ahead for the future. That why I never trusted him at all always like to give us
Hopeless Trump!!
He has earned a handsomely profit   from the stock market!!  Market manipulator!!
Yay yay yay. Believing in Trump is like knowing the truth but still believing the lies.
Yeah  rapist conman convict war criminal that mocks God, when God decides to send a lightning bolt  I only can pray  for you!
Dont trust iran
Freedom for the people of Iran  THE ISLAMIC REGIME OF IRAN NEEDS TO END. Thank you trump and Israel for helping Iranian people REZA PAHLAVI WELL RETURN_LONG LIVE THE KING
Exactly   on point they are  God Almighty protect us and judgement upon the evil people
He's also putting Russia and primarily China in their place. To not be a threat for a very long time! Great Chess on behalf of America by President Trump
1000% as soon as they get a nuke they gonna paint it red white and blue with stars.  The Devil vs Jesus right now is the real fight. Too many  flags representing child abusers and pedos, human traffickers. Keep fighting
I hope President Trump listening to this man saying
From the river euphrates to Nile River belongs to Abraham children forever and ever and Palestinians people are TRUE bani israel free PALESTINE
God said that I will give this land to your DESCENDANTS NOT to CONVERTED PEOPLE free PALESTINE
Propaganda videos lies after lie we don't believe your lie synagogue of Satan
Israel and USA are the real terrorists
Just know they are demonic!!! Thank God for President Trump.
Delusional baby boomers
Yes i agree with Trump decesion..its right...
Exactly   AGREE
If I’m being honest - I want Armageddon too.  get me tf off this planet please Lord
Absolutely   this regime should be destroyed
To stop Nuclear war I'm willing to pay 10 Dollars a gallon  . This is a no brainer. Thank You President Trump And God Bless America
Exactly
You are a great American patriot
She
God loves us so much that He sent His only Son, Jesus, to this earth to die for our sins. Jesus died on the cross for our sins and rose from the dead, three days later. And God makes those who believe in this Good News of salvation become citizens of heaven.
Only Jesus is our only Savior, and He loves you with all His heart.
There is only the Lord God, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit, and no other Gods in the world.
If you wish to pray to God, offer your prayers to God and then confess, "I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen." If you believe in Jesus as the only Christ, you can also pray to God as "Father."
Best work tho
King of king
I love this music and im from this country Ethiopia   . love from Canada !!
Love this song
Loved the mood board ideas
Would you do a big haul mug collection? I'll love to see it
I realy like your vibe and your motivation
Hi beautiful, what do you like to do most
The Chic, Beautiful, Soft yet Elegant Lady, i hope you are safe and sound signora
Sandwiches and milkshakes for u
Hi Alexia . You embody springtime. You certainly never looked ugly during the winter season. You make the sweetest vlogs. Happy Easter Day.
I love this Girl
Thank you for the motivation to Juice today.
I don’t like when your vlog ends
Hi pretty what's yours zodiac sign  sweety  . I love your goals for spring and the juice very yummy  . I Hope you have the best spring cutie
love it
Hello pretty I love your videos and I love your new mug with cherry the flowers are so beautiful me to like hoppies like painting colouring and scrapbooking. Lots of love for you cutie   and a nice new week
Canada  is beautiful but much to cold and snowy in the winter s
I LOVE YOU ALEXIA  have an amazing spring!
I really love your videos
Love from India
Majed then
Over dramatic
Majed dont know the lyrics of ritmada interestelar
the bills cant be this high brochacho
who watching in 2026 and who remember these all songs as NOSTALGIA
bro is on fire
Nga thinks hes him
Bottom 5
Job applications fear this man
Sab thik hai but you are Mentle , nonsense
Number four is the baddest. But I think number one should be the best.
Bro thinks he's in a edit
People actually listen to this music? I thought it was just made for social media videos. This shit cringy as fuck
Not the main character buddy
He got sigma and slay too
Not a single intelligent thought behind those extras eyes. I wonder why?
Bushy roast beef
Got race swapped just to take Ls with the worst looking tech jacket suit in the history of tech jacket and get cucked by a lobster
Shit my now father still has the same mindset  that’s why I’m mixed twin
The black Ops Champaign
the smiths?
WE ALL cracking Zoe
That rock was busting to volcanussy
What are half these comments
The theatres will look like the spring fever floor event from dandys world
Oliver getting being down bad for lobsters is weird asl bro
That stench gon last for at least 3 weeks straight
Lowkenenuinly is tuff
I never thought I'd actually use this word but ANTIDISESTABLISHMENTARIANS are flushing the world down the toilet.
Committing blasphemy of Jesus Christ, God has once again and again that God is passionate and merciful.  trump has not dropped  on the spot...Mr.AT, AMERICAN CITIZEN, Working Class
Picked a fight with his Mafia boss.. , cue the horse head in his bed...
As if BBC gives a crap about Truth and Righteousness
Please pray for the US congress and senate to man up and impeach him
himself as JESUS .
I dont see him as Jesus, thats only in your mind.. Depends how stupidest person you are
This Message is for Fisherman NOT Card Carrying Pharisees
Apparently if you go to a water fountain in the White House wine comes out.
And doctors always come with the MILITARY support, look to the left and right
I can see why he thought it was a doctor, but it is kind of obvious that it’s Jesus but yeah, I can tell why♡♡
He Believes In The Bible More Than Anyone Though maybe because he's the fallen angel.
They’re kids playing with AI at their desks… and then actually managing to use that to ruin all credibility… I don’t know wether to laugh or cry
He become mental disorder.
He should of put a mask on and gloves to be a doctor lol
Is that Jeffery he’s saving????
The media flagging that this image was not in fact REAL but AI... is so stupid.   Maybe flag images that could EVER be mistaken as real. And governments, maybe REGULATE AI in a serious way NOW!
We all know photos As well as vids can and have been manipulated.
Epstein being healed in the picture?
hooked on your content
Can we all agree that Frances favorite place is London?
Have never been so obsessed with a vlog like this gwarl you’re doing beyond amazing, this is fire & the qualityyyy!!! Mwaaa
I miss this intro,"we should come thru tonight".
Pretty Theodore you starved us but now I know better because you served gal
You're one of my rich people who rich right
Very lovely vlog
Lovely vlog
Pret-A-manger.................. Pronounced (Pret-A-Mongjay) means ready to eat. I am only writing this because you say sometimes that you hope you are pronouncing things correctly. So just trying to help. hope it helped. another great video
that’s so nice of him
the desperate housewives reference that was Gabrielle lying that she can make it and had to make Bree make them and sneak it in the window for her so the husband won't notice one of my favorite scenes and you look so good btw
Watching from Ghana
You're on Deepit show with dem Adeola and Mariam. I can't wait for the episode
Love it for y'all
Was that Bovi
Shouted “Bestieeee pack me a makeup bag!” Right at the makeup shopping part
At this point you should relocate to London girl
Your london glow is totally insane. Love itttt
What I love about this lady is that she’s so humble and polite …love you so much
She is so polite and humble
I almost died of boredom waiting for you
these shades
youcameim shock , and happy. .really iloveyou .i loved your shopping video yesterday
The man on blue at the end, asking you to walk again so you can get a better shot is so cute
Finally
Finally my show is on  missed you bestie  !!!
I suggest u pic of yr uk esim  so make easy for u next time have picture of it. Woludnt be worryinabout it so have pictuure of it on yr phone
Come to england united kigdom i didnt get see u lol .  This. Desreve trip here
Finally… been waiting
Finally
Finally
I couldn't do it
I almost died from doing that my bad
If it’s impossible then how did she sing it then how is it a song wtf? Some people are just dumb
I did it I omost past out
Bille sang a verse in a  breath
Sankar sang a whole song in a breath
bile ilish is my favorite i watch.this 50 times
Yes I’ve passed out10000000000000 that much times before and but I’m still alive and I haven’t even been to the hospital because my mum is a doctor but I still do so I can pass out. I don’t but I don’t want to pass out but I still do do the challenge, and I just did it before and I passed out. I didn’t pass out. Yeah I owe this out.
I sung it in one breath
Omg how can she do that I think that in the past she wants to be a singer
I can sing too
Me trying to attempt it  me be like: I'm dieingggggggggggg
Eminem: they’re growing up so fast
i sang the verse in 1 breath you just need to practice a lot also my stomach now has a cramp and my lungs hurt from singing it and i now have chills
I Love you Billy  elesh. I'm. One of your favorite fans. My. Name is Laikynn  hi I'm one of your biggest fans Billie eilish
people who sang it without breathing like billei did
Dear god that wasn’t an audience, that was a STAMPEDE
That last advise was pretty wholesome.
Someone's daughter btw
"Weather"
Girl got the Bonnie blue treatment
Goonstroworld
Jesus loves you and will help you if you come to him and have a blessed day
The sumo one is lowkey me
“Round 1” ahh
I definitely got unlucky with this dog ass comment section
1st Girl defo got cracked by everyone
You have alerted the horde
memesaloon not gonna be the only saloon in buisness after im done with the first girl
glow little glow worm glimmer glimmer  shine little glow worm don't get dimmer
Wasnt that hup creator the same one that got all the sbr comments
Sweetie fox dropped another banger
That's 100% me crashing out over the mgs memes
Bro that basketball shot was FIRE
Why is the next shape next to the one that says looks like a kidney why is the one next to it look like a Di-
We got bigger balls to scratch
Metal gear memes basically a activation code for sleeper agents in metal gear community
Girls name with the helmet
Why is there  star's name in the comments
The name of The first video
I couldn't find the sause for the alternative girl
dw twin I love the mgs memes
What the fuck is sweetie fox even doing anymore bru
The last one is true tho it’s so annoying the game isn’t even that good
Who's actually gambling nowadays
Why is Prayer by Kendrick Lamar so spammed, twin? As a Kendrick Lamar fan, it's both a win and a loss
Bro forget he ain’t Wise
Yes mommy wrap me up in your tail
I'm with you my love
To everyone who reads, I want you to know that I don't care about your Race, Religion and financial standards but I do love you unconditionally and I request you to be Kind to yourself and be present. I wish you the best in life
I just love everything about this songs if I had time I would listen to 24/7 all night long.
I love  this song lovely song Lionel Richie
Clasic
I felt weird wondering why the song suddenly invaded my space and consciousness at that time. I started humming it at the same time I was meditating on the Lyrics…cause sometimes the Universe tries to get one’s attention through the Word of God and or through the message in a song. Anyway long story short - I discovered later that week that Lionel Richie released his Memoir “Truly” on that same day (9/25). The book details the journey of his life and ascent into Music. I got goosebumps Watching his interview of the Launch with Robin Roberts on ABC Nightly News (9/28)!  So now I have to get a copy of his book to read it. I know it will be a blessing to many as was his Legacy of music over the years! May God’s Favor and the Blessings of good health and long Life continue to run after you Lionel in Jesus Mighty Name!
Life  is good depend on by this smart music s
I do love this song
Loved the cozy vlog lani you def motivated me to have a self care day keep up the good work ~ !!
the vid was worth the wait
Your vlogs always feel so refreshing, I wish they lasted longer
Yay another video for my sunday routine have a good week lani
Sne is sooooo me there is just something about sitting on the floor
Honestly we are baddies now  because I do relate to you, the cleaning, the cooking, the intombazane ayilali emini
Okay, lets talk about the inconsistency yama Helper  Aweeee muuuh. I cannot
The part when Sneh came over
guys sne and kay
Enjoyed the vlog
Kay: "I don't have time to do my make up, I woke up and got busy." Kay: proceeds to do full face beat.  I love you so much you don't understand, what a treasure you are to us.
Arg your vlogs are wholesome. Wenz’ununtu efune ukuqala this journey
I could watch Kay yap for hours  such a pretty girl bandla
When Sne grabbed that bottle from Kay  love this friendship so much
I also have white socks that I walk around the house with sana i once washed them with my whites did they not leave stains on my white shirts?
Love love that you have started to include subtitles
Omg I love Kay's friendship with sneh it brings out that Zulu side of her  love it ke sana
I love you and Sneh bandla
Overstimulated but inspired
Oh sana your vlogs are for the soul. Your aura. You should consider wearing aprons also you should try out the B-well Mayo’s I feel like it’s more of your aesthetic.
Enjoyed the vlog nd love the music also
Sne is so beautiful
ooh sana Kay ...  ,love ure make-up and everything about u
Hi Kay, I enjoy your vlogs so much thank you for the vlog
I lovee this woman
Kay you can cook well , that so impressive
The kind of soft i aspire to be. Salome’s vibe is just soft  and i love it
Heavy on Zulu girls being domesticated,cause tell me why we don’t sit down our mothers are so wrong for that
It’s shows that you’re from well thought background because wowimphatho yakhoeven when you’re speaking
Watching your videos is like selfcare for me
Sneh I feel you sana  that’s such a comfortable position
One thing about Kay she will genuinely cater for her guests
These vlogs are just everything to me ngl
Love you Mara Kaythe SKIN is glowinggg
You cook so nice and neat
Watched all the ads, thanks for the vlog Kay
This meal??? MYYYYY WOOOOOORD!! I’m literally salivating41:30
Drink it drink it . Had to  to watch again. It won't stop nango Snehh
They need a lil patience doll kodwa worth a try.
Something about your vlogs that just makes me want to pour more into my cup. So refreshing. You do everything with so much love. Please keep them coming they really ignite something within me
Love your friendship with snehh shame she’s such a cool girl
Oh my @KayYarms  ur definitely the host
Can God bless me with a friend like u, you’re so sweet and genuine lol and @Snehh_her doesn’t play with her alcohol  lol she reminds me of me!!’
Lovely vlog, I really enjoyed watching it
"Enough is enough i'm a baddie"Oh Kay Thank you for such a wholesome vlog  sana
I love your friendship with snehh omg!
Seeing you with Sneh brings me so much joy man
Your vlogs are so therapeutic
I have already watched this on my friends Tv, just came here to Like the video
Lol I want the overstimulated T-shirt cos I’m forever feeling like that
What a wholesome vlog
I love the friendship with you and she aura yenu nje man iyanifanela noy2
The background music hayi bandla i give it to you loved every single bit of this vlog  see you soon.
My starmate  thank you so much for always giving us nice contents..We love you Miss Ngonyama
Wondered why I like you so much? LOL - Also an Aries, baby girl  "Aries season" it is, all month long !
Look who’s warming up to no make up look
Let me calm myself down her before i watch a podcast confesions of a surgeon
AI is known for playing the wrong song in any ordinary reel
First one feels more like a joke. Look at the date! Nobody, not even the government would never do this.
Also yay! Down with ai filth! As an artist, me very happy that people are still fighting.
What a breath of fresh, non-horrific air! I'm so glad at least one country is banning octopus farming. Octopuses are incredibly intelligent and that would be like farming 8 year olds
I love that you're doing this ! It does help us see that there is still good in the world  Im a forever subscriber now
Yay, good news!!. We are all fed a narrative of division and separation that just isn't true. The world is full of the most wonderful people fighting for the good of all life. Thank you for bringing this to us, I'm sure there are a lot of us who truly appreciate the positive vibes
No ones mentioning the stopping on octopus farming but we should be SO HAPPY octopi are so freakin intelligent the fact that people have been trying to farm them is insane
it's still sad that so many good news are just fixing what the people have or are making horrible
Thankyou. Thankyou. I needed that.
We were tryna dismantle a monument by the canyon???
Invincible your never breathing
NOT THE BERP
Bro is this "turning pink" ?
NGL  this had me rolling
I’d watch this
Peppa pig and the lost tapes ahh
"Mickey Mackey boo baa boo"! Most powerful attack peeps has thrown
Super secret magic words  Mikey makey boo bah boo
Just imagine the next episode
Remember die with a smile ohhhh
I love Bruno Mars, my wife got me liking his music
These two are the perfect ones Jennie and tame Impala that would be for are Halloween  spooky.
Shakeys  is a good guy
Seems to disappoint banging ass song and video
I have brunito marsito 102M rainbow
is perfec yes
Play a song for this pretty little lady
It’s time for me to say it. When he came out I was in and out of jail, addicted, and homeless. Now I have a husband, home and good job. This song and “Clover Cage - The Final Round” are the two songs that helped me get through my depression. I just want people to know things do get better. We are in this together!!  we are a team
I wonder why they don’t get a videographer
It didn’t even fully start yet and I know I’m going to love this vid
Guys please do a separate video of you guys doing the rock paper scissors food challenge pleasee
I love whatever is wrong with erica
HELP NOT ERICA BEING FULL BUT STILL EATING
I would've just left with the SD card ngl bc bye
BAHAHA I CANT STOP LAUGHING
emily’s crash outs are always valid  i would crash out too
Not evelyn wasting time using chopsticks
somehow they're very concerned when Evelyn is driving
Did anyone else think Emily looked so pretty in her pjs
I love the New Jersey vlogs sm !
what vid is thiss like the title
Why was I eating faster watching the food game thinking i was also playing
Evelyn HA reminds me of SpongeBob trying to get his license
This sound edits is absolutely amazing, running while eating made me was to do some track running myself. Difficult at first, but the body slowly adapts to the pressure of jugging and not going at full speed. W vibes as always
isnt this both burning calories AND gaining them ?  yall boutta go through a paradox
Evelyn are u kidding rn use your freaking hands bruh
omg I laughed so hard the way Emily run in slomo bru
It's so cute how Evelyn calls her driving instructor "Teacher"
Yall should hire a team to record yall like the office. Atleast one video, i just yk you guys would rock that shi.
Omgggg we need more videos like this lmaoo
yall should do a content on cruise omg yeah !!!
Not related to this vlog but I really hope I get to see you guys at Coachella
lmfao, evelyn leaving emily
Evelyn sucks at rock paper scissors shoot  that was the worst from her, literally she so bad at it
Uhmm Yaaa bro was hungry cuz y'all keep chugging the food when she did not win max of the rounds  Hehhehehhehehehheheh (no hate just fun)
help if evelyn won both of them, then she would have eaten automatically. There was no need for Erica and Emily to do the rock, paper, scissors bc either way they will both run
If you're new here, I make memes and edits, and if you liked this video, subscribe!it motivates me to make more content! thanks
Do you do he got some? RIZZ
Sigma will be sigma
Megamind be like:
She is so strong
Me trying to wake up my dad
But I feel everything
Real legends guessed from the background let’s be so fr guys  the first thing could’ve been so much things
He plays realy good and i saw his videos
Try that thing, how does the song sound?
in the backround there us rockstar logo
I guessed at the first by the rockstar gamer logo
I always wondered what that was. If you don't know what I'm talking, about it's the first instrument, THE FLEXITONE
Hi Sia  I hope you see this. I just wanted to say I really admire you and your content — you inspire me so much as someone who’s also trying to grow on YouTube.
I’ve actually been trying to reach you on Instagram, but I recently lost my account  so I thought I should try here as well. It would honestly mean the world to me to connect with you or even just get a chance to meet you one day.
No no no why are you rushing our intro
I wish i was your sister cozz yheeeyy!! sana
I love your vlogs so much you really don't understand the first time I watch your vlogs I was like give this girl her flowers  likeeee!!
the way she prepares things for traveling,she just like my mom
I'm late asf,5days.I missed your voice li twan
Please give me your previous broken DGI camera, please! I want to also pursue content creation
I think Siyais travelling to Nigeria  because to get there, it's about 17 hours, so yea , and siya plssss, remember to vlog love your vlogs
I want to ask ukuthi lama braids angaphambili wenze njani, did you cut your hair or what? Cause they are shorter than your hair i guess
Your are going to Nigeria ?
My faveeAre you going to Nigeria?
Since you going with family am assuming you going to Nigeria
Would really like to see you eating routine siya if you don't mind ofc to share that
Lots of love siya
You're such a gorgeous girl
You are going to Nigeria babeeeee
Siya please translate for your international supporters
Late but I love it here
Shout out to your nail tech!!!
Iskolo sindibambe down but I’m on a study break so I decided to tune in
I'm pretty much obsessed with your nails mama
Sino is trying to show us that he is still around
You really are so clumsy
sending love from Namibia Siya
With petrol we should blame that orange men
Is it a crime that am a boy but I love you content
Not me expecting the “baby” coming from ur man
can i have ur old camera
the beeds hairstyle on YOUUUU mama!!!
Sending love all the way from Botswana sana...Much love babeyyyyyyyyyy
She is flying to Nigeria
Is it possible for the giveaways to accommodate people that don’t use instagram
what about our Mercedes
The hairstyle made you look like Msaki. it's so pretty, and it suits you.
I think you should leave the dji alone siya
I think Nigeria
the hair ?thanks for the hairstyle plug sana just need to find a good hairstylist in Town.
Siya looks high while doing her nails
Yall she is so gorgeous
bafazi its really her time bandlaits nice seeing the girl happy
Crazy how i wanted to do a similar hairstyle you look great
Our girl is travelling to Nigeria
You are going to Nigeria
Cheers to us who got notifications
I think you're traveling to Nigeria.The distance,the hairgiving very much Naija Ghel
Lol Sino at the back
you the real code
My friend's Cat just died
Thank you for not giving up on the mgs memes I was scared for a second
We got bigger ships to sail for the 4th one
Nah Tamamo get out of there
Brochacho, we got bigger men to kiss
Bread tastes better than key
Yt is healing indeed
Oh my gosh, it’s and Minnie you
Not the baby ai but cute
The girly In the black dress is killing it and is sooooo pretty
Awww they are both such cute queens
The baby girl is cute
I can’t believe that  is so cute  that she is so adorable  she has such an amazing dase
Do  they  speak Spanish  Or English
The girl, the pink costume is acting so cute
They both are so cute together
Aw kind little beautiful souls
That’s the cutest little girl in the world
Its ai guys
This is a masterpiece keep em coming
WHY IS THIS BREAKING NEWS? With everything else going on in the world, you make a big deal out of nothing!!
No honey no money   so guy running back to get a freedom  but end up in more  deeper shit
The last
There is no new news here! Clickbait: There ought to be a Law!
Who Cares he was Jealous of Bernie Mac
Well Steve. You should stay single if you can’t stay with one
Mary Shackleford
I don't have any sympathy for Steve Harvey because, I was living in Ohio where he's from, when he started out, and as he was climbing the ladder to success, he constantly talked about our loving God and what he has done for him. Now that he's rich and famous, he doesn't need God's help anymore, and he doesn't seem to think that when he's lying on his back, in one of those expensive ass suits, and staring at his glued shut eyelids, All of that loot ain't going with him.
The fact is no one is perfect its about finding a understanding partner
Steve you need to go back and claim your first wife because you are committing adultery
He’s a horndog, periodt, end of conversation
Couldn't give a f***
That's 90 seconds of my life I'll never get back
Who cares. His a weirdo hahaha shameless
Who gives 4 x It’s his life and his business
Steve Harvey aged like a good red wine. Still a Hunk
All fake news no headlines
Man that ain't no damn breaking news! And who is that ridiculous sound in the background I literally hate that ? Do you have to show videos with that sound in the background
I hope she dumped him when he got mixed up with Diddy.  He’s trash
Well, you, this and his personal account to his relationships are not fairytales or your business to put him on front street and puts you in the category of the sons and daughters of perdition, meaning of the devil and it's written do not be unequally yoked together, therefore, being that he's supposed to be a man like you supposingly? He like yourself should have made your calling and elections sure unto Salvation with God first. 1CORINTHIANS 1:25 The foolishness of God is wiser than human wisdom, and the weakness of God is stronger than human strength. Matthew 6:33 But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you. Acts 2:37 Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do? Now do him , you or them have more power than O'Lucifer and how great his ending will be casted into the Lake of  Fire  along with others who looks at this as what  Well, for sure, that's not good for society to hear about and not good for the spirit knowing the soul could end in the bottomless Pit " The Lake of Fire
I’ve spent countless hours in the studio seamlessly mixing and remastering these timeless 70s, 80s, and 90s classics to give you the highest quality nonstop experience. I hope this continuous set brings back your most beautiful memories and fills your day with amazing energy!
Quick question: If you could time travel back to any specific year in the 70s, 80s, or 90s for just one weekend, which year would you choose? Tell me in the replies below!
Wishing you a fantastic day filled with great music. Don't forget to Subscribe to keep the retro spirit alive!
I'm not 80's or 90's but this music I like the most
Please CHANGE THE TITLE. Laptop that costs ~2000 euros is NOT midrange!
2k euros is now mid-range ? what the actual heck... I think my Legion5 6 series will rock a few more years, now.
Tom.. that is premium price for most of us
does anyone know what game this is?
This infomercial earned a dislike from me. Good job!
No thank you. 5060 for such a price??  They can keep it in the shelf.
The plastic build
Moment of sheer sadness when you notice white hair in the beard of your favorite Youtuber
If 1700$ is mid-range, I need the Poor plus ultra-range option.
They finally slimmed down the bezels. The thicker bezels and that mirror-like finish on the OLED display were what kept me from getting last year's model. Too bad I already pulled the trigger on the Asus TUF A14
Now do it without frame gen  Anyone else saw the 50ms latency? When he played BF6? Add that to the network latency and you are at 100ms latency overall, that's too much.
Now do it without frame gen
Pc emulation on android gonna be great this year, but my phone use mali
This guy's clearly never heard of the Nvidia shield because I've been able to play steam games (beta software was better though as you could play anything) on a Android box since 2019 and people who knew about the older version had been enjoying since like what 2013
this channel is like free valve propaganda.
i can verify that Deadly Premonition is working in a  glorious fashion with Proton 11
AMD Sound Wave incoming
Will there new size comparison video picture of Halo Ships, Mass Effect, Star Trek and Star Wars.  just only War ships. I'm very curious just to see difference sizes in comparison
and then you hear “This is the carrier, Long night of Solace.”
This mod is truly one of the peaks of what halo could have been
Guys how did y’all not realise it’s not Sabrina
Why is nobody talking abt Sabrina's watery eyes and she did puppy eyes
Wait I can lowkey hit it
I'm sorry but that not sabrina
the eyes…..
i can do that btw not trying to brag
Bruh  stop it how embarrassing
this chick is the thing that crawls on the ceiling in your nightmares
She did the puppy eyes!
Jesus!... Ppl are so jealous they are actually making videos of the woman from wicked being a demon and that YALL goofies think sabring to be the original or better!  This world sucks balls. I'm keeping track too! Here's a good one. Black girl plays lil mermaid NOONE like HER singing either(stupid) and then they made that Disney movie about the GOOD octopus girl and the EVIL popular mermaid. Mhm. We out here on to the stupidity. Y'all knock this shit off and just enjoy the damn song.
Holy mage mind she is the sister of ksi
Why did Sabrina sound British
"everything that has breath praise the Lord" ahh
THE EYES AT THE END
hey loves, i hope u enjoyed!  lmk what’s ur dream vacation destination?  mine has been hawaii for awhile!
You give such great clean girl vibes and i dont know how to explain it  it gets me reqdy and excited for a trip that i have to go to until next year in july
Your so prettyy omggg
Omg your hair is so cutesy, she did her thing
Victorie is literally my motivation!  love your videos girl
Mines is Italy
Girlll your hair is sooo teaaaaa, and your face card is sooo tea even without makeup, enjoy your trip girlyyy
Hii, new fan of yours, I Loved the video Btw, I was wondering if you would do a video on the type of stuff you eat
Victoria i have a question. How do you stay motivated? These days i’ve been feeling SO lazy it’s not funny and even when i have the energy to do something, it goes away just as fast. Or i’ll postpone it(which is way worse) I don’t know what to do and i’m trying to be that organized clean and neat girl but it’s just not going in that direction.
no cause preparing last minute is so real
your hair is really pretty .
Your nails is cute
I hope you're back from Hawaii
I hope she came back  home safely?
I understand  sometimes I just don’t feel like trying on clothes in the store and buy it regardless.Also hope you had a safe and fun trip in Hawaii
Hope you had fun I’m late to the prep video
See that app you showed us seems cool imagine if I could do that with hairstyles too
ughh i love your vids sm. your makeup is flawless do a routine plzzz
Omg I live in Oahu  I hope I see you hope u have a wonderful time here
There’s something about ur videos that just give me peace
Yes girl enjoy your vacation, can’t wait for the vacation footage!! I want to go to Hawaii with my husband so bad because we never got a honeymoon (we got married at 19), so that’ll be our college graduation present eventually lol
This makes me wanna grow up so bad so I can be productive. You inspire so much Marrie
Your curls are so defined  defintely should wear them out more
The hair is popping
I love your videos so baddd so relaxing to watch
Omgg girrrl you need to do a vlog in Hawaii
Hey victory I just wanted to say a few things here, my name is Carmen I’m 13 and my hygiene is horrible, my grades are ok, I don’t have the motivation for anything, I’m overweight I weigh about 220 and that’s a lot I’ve been trying to lose weight but I just can’t. When I started watching you was at the beginning of this year and maybe December of last year but you’ve inspired me to do so much with my life but I just don’t have the motivation. I have depression from school and stress which does not go well together . I’m trying but it’s just so hard I want to start making money but I don’t know how i just want to help out my parents. You make me want to change you’ve inspired me to be more for myself and you are my role model for my future I have ahead of me.
Edit: sorry if I made this to long of a read
Your hair is so
I literally LOVE this for you Victory A soon as i saw the thumbnail i was like “yesssss! my gurl bout to be living her life” Love you so much Victory
Sorry I'm a bit late, life's been busy and all. But every time I watch Victory Marrie videos I just feel so comfortable and just calm.And the consistency has been so good
I really love your hairdresser
love it
hey victory, enjoy your trip and thank you for posting
The HAIR!!omg girly I literally can’t get over it OMG it’s so teaaa
Thank you for the check-in for flight because I didn’t understand … this my first solo trip
Omg ur hair is so cute
This was so cute
Gurl how were you filming at the airport?
Hair is gorgeous Victory!!!! and it grows so fast, you’re blessed
I loveeee this
Yall stop tweaking over the solid memes,he warned y'all
Im in love with cass
cass even without the mgs memes you still cracking me right twin?
Why not just watch furry corn instead of playing five nights at Epstein
I have a friend who has like 2k worth of savings and won’t buy an £8.50 game to play with me and the boys
Wait guys what if Solid snake is waiting for the perfect moment to appear again and say "Kept you waiting huh"
Gas stations just gave up charging us coz they so high
priffith bhai ko saare serial pata h
Bros knowledge about Gopi Bahu
vyuk didn't notice the jojo music (roundabout)
That's why this sarcasm
Waiting for levithan
Congratulations Vyuk bhai for 1 million  and  hame 1 million special chaiye kuch
Swagger Sharma
Lockdown with my crush IYKYK
Vote for reaction on @akkitalks animation video reaction......
Smile on bhaiya's face
Vote for priffith bhaiya Q&A please
Oh priffith is back
priffith bhai , heemani
kalyug chal rha hai bhai yeh kya hai jab insta chalata tha tab toh bas anime edits the yeh sab kya hai
Lyold is good
The lady on black top at the middle Dey vex me fr, sense she no get at all
Lmao first of all pleaseee why not tell both of them the meaning of an open relationship  because my ears is paining me right now lmao
Watching from kenya
Ladies are so funny! You don't like a guy but when the guy also says he doesn't like you, you will start questioning him - getting angry like its your right for him to like you. Meanwhile, you won't accept him o
Open relationship
There will be signs that i was here
Una no understand meaning of open relationship
"Dress the way u should be addressed"  look at your own dressing please  1 night stand
Am confused.Ladies in other Edition said they want older men cus according to them they are matured.But this Edition, an older man came and they were rejecting him saying he is old.
That iPhone broda wey go kneel down
The 3rd lady is full of Sh*t. As the 1st guy said, not all that glitters is gold, and she didn't even get it.
Omo these days to marry Dey scary cus imagine marrying girl wey get low IQ
how I wan address you wey Dey half naked?
That girl on nose ring is very dull
The lady on pink looks like James brown
No one is talking about the man that took over the show when nons_Miraj is not around.The guy took over the show and does it so perfectly,,kudos to you Mannn
I swear that girl on black that you short she don't have any sense at all
It’s obvious Mariod is wondering what type of ladies these are. His head can’t even take it again. He has started questioning the English he knows because of this episode.  This host Dey suffer sha
Women should have some shame and fear of God at least. How are all these heavy ladies claiming to be 24,25/26  i don't get it, how do they feel saying this to the public? We the men will start lying on that aspect too. Anyways show Host jisie nu ike
The girl on green, very ungrateful. You want ur papa to cook for u forever
That Cameroonian is funny, she wore nonsense fish net and still saying trash about the first guys outfit .
I noticed say na most nail tech and hair stylist too dey come this show
please
You dey come find love dey dress like who dey go buy garri for market  u nor fit find love
I like d way Mario shakes and welcome in the dudes
Set of village mgbe eke
“You’re looking for a guy that’ll bring out that hidden talent in you” the man you dey find na Merlin?
This Episode choke ehhh
Lmaooooo they don’t know wetin open relationship be
Welcome to hunt game show
So na somebody go discover ur talent  some ladies na mumu walahi
Mariod is a natural
Any time we have a mach in hunt game show it give me glorious joy more than any other person
Nons brother  come  marry  one of daughters  in UK  British  oooh , you are  good  very funny
Where is this girl from she's so funny with her words
Them nor go School  Open RelationshipJam Question
Open Relationship Girl.
Omor that Cameroonian girl dey do like say ogbanje dey worry am but shaa the girl nah my spec walai - she gather weller ajeh
The best stature girl be like James Brown
This episode is yoruba nd hairstylists Edition
Mariod just de make me laugh  I love his responses and body language
See her mouth
I have choir practice every wednesdays and sartudays when practice is going on and i see the notification of this show i just start praying we should finish fast so go home and watch it
Nons what ever u hv use on me to so much love this show i dont want to recover oh much love from Cameroon and more grace mama
The way I just day waka waka for Nons miraj page eeehn i just can’t wait for she to drop another banger
Mariod is litterally naturally funny
Mariod's reactions are something else though
Enhances the beauty hidden in you but she says the makeup is even hiding her beauty Abeg go and lay down
All this ladies are lying about their age
Ok then  let’s see what the girls clamoring for tall men end up getting married to when the delusion no longer serves  on that note, it is always pleasing to have Mariod on
Where Una from carry all this girls from
Open relationships don make person remember school
My Cameroon  sister dey show today I mark attendance no fail us ooo
The way the host was just saying hmm hmm when the nurse was talking is given
Ngl, na only one girl make sense for this episode, the girl with the black top and green skirt, not the camo skirt girl that one no even follow at all, the rest na zero , I just Dey para for the lineup and na them go Dey feel like wetin I know,
You’re looking for a guy that will discover your talent  don’t worry, nons miraj will bring don jazzy for you
According to the both opinions, say they are all living fake life
the gurl who is wearing that pink top,look at her top under armpit liner.sweats everywhere.her hair is crazy.i don’t even know what she is putting on.the guy was well put together.say any other thing  not the dress abeg.
She can be in an open relationship how sad.
That man that said thank you for choosing me you're a big fool na you choose dis women no be Dem choose youooooo if you check ahhm well all dis girl's na empty head nothing to offer
Marion thank u for the show
My favorite show
Here we go again this weekend
How can you call someone looking like mad.
The girls on this episode are so ignorant..Calling G-Shock a Ben-10 watch, not fit for 30yrs old.
I love this show eh
Thank you for putting more smiles  on our faces
Pain me say this fine boy nor find love dat first guy desire love
That first girl needs to go to TALENT HUNT not HUNT GAME. She does not need a man that cares, but she wants a talent hunter. Nigeria girls and their reasoning.
Omor this show dey always give joy ajeh abi na lie I talk
Thank you Nons Miraj for this show
The lady with the bandana was digging for lost treasures inside her nose, and was caught on camera  pity.
Now maturity is speaking
The slim Ogun state lady, wants all eyes  on her, that's why she turned round twice, flaunting her shape for all too see.
Nonss I love u so much am a big fan of you
Why is the host dancing
she can just knock him on the head  wahala
Early birds let's mark attendance
Welcome to the hunt game show
Please activate the download side for us I gonna rewatch anytime needed
First guy they didn't give him a chance ladies just Popped the balloons
Where's nonss
But I need more videos like Study with Zeliha to accompany me
One of the Best vloger ever   watching from India
Love from india
“Me pretending I heard properly”  I thought that was just me
Kinda miss Yan :( where is he now?
I'm missed to your videos so much
That was cute
I'm very upsetting when seeing how young girls livings Alon with not facing life acutely happeiss and challenges wast of life living alone 100% Prof
Where is Yan, we miss him !!
What a view Why don't my blog get so many views?
waiting for the next vlog
She is cute
Nice video, thank you for sharing
The part where you tried to touch on the monitor had me dying
Girl is really beautiful
I laughed way too hard when you tried to use the monitor as a touch screen
Your fist video see   Should I subscribe to your YouTube channel or like it? WoW you are so beautiful
You live alone but the AI is filming ?
Please share you skincare routine
Hey, I’m from Sri Lanka, I’ve been working hard for my A/L exams to become a doctor like you. I love watching your videos please keep uploading. You truly inspire me
Thank you for good video
Wow zeliha , but why alone weird, dont u have any friend etc? anyway a1 life and job  y own in advance ,you should get proud of honourable doc,,,, by the way how to become a kind doctor ?
Bhai arbs ki video dalo please please
Bhaiya app takle ache nhi lagte app bal me hi ache lagte ho jese pehle the
Supra sound in game
Super sound in real life
the comments MIGHT be right
Might as well put $100 on it
Wait can’t trump bet 500,000 and then just say it?
Bro said that on my birthday
If this is real I'm eating a broom
I hate that this is real
What are those gremlins looking ahh demons
Fake  lol
500? what?
Trump say 67 before gta6 Lmao
Bro betting on anything !!
50$
Trump gotta be behind ts
Somehow my battery was 67 now
How this Is even legal?
trump method on top
This is why f*cking aliens never visit our planet vro
Bro is gambling
si chef talaga
Perfect all unboxing wow Amazing
LV Spell on You is one of the nicest scents...  good choice of gift...
Happy Birthday Ms. Ethel from Oman
Napakakulit ni Chef
Madam inots??
so much violence, especially in domestic situations.
I had neighbors I had to to this with. One time they both left!!!! Hours later I'm like y'all even coming back
Uhh, your not special  dont compare yourself to someone else acting like youve been through worse. We all fight our own battles.
I never had a chance my drunk dad beat me and my mom up several times to this day I don't know why she stayed with him
Anything to complain about your parents huh
That’s heroic putting yourself in the line of fire.  God chooses Angels for a reason and they are not just anyone. Your life will be more because you are different.  Many people won’t be able to relate.  Listen hard for the ones who do understand and you’ll find another Angel to share with.
I think thats called kidnapping but maybe because your a lady it isn’t!
I was that mom. My house was always filled with my kids friends. Some did not have a good home life. I gave them love, comfort and food. They always knew that could come over anytime
Maybe your parents haven’t, plenty of others have, why should we validate your situation as real if theirs isn’t to you! Attention seeking cry baby! Stop playing games, this simply just isn’t true either way you spin it
Not everything is a competition
A few of us owe a lot Candi.  no matter what, you will always be Mom Dukes.
My moms never suicidal and when I opened up to her she was like I should be the one to kill my self
I thought is said ran over their house
People who couldn't stop watching this (I'm russian btw )
I remeber this, still peak
Why do I think he pilipino bc of the accent?
I'm russian
just aking so if ypu dont have anything nice or respecfull to say please dont replie and i have bad spelling so dont judge me
England America and mickle Jordan destroyed my voalcal cords
That moment when you tried to pretend that you were definitely not Russian and you exposed yourself.  As Zhvanetsky said, it's better to remain silent and seem like an idiot than to start talking and dispel all doubts.
Uhhh " Michael Jordan" that's to funny
How many people calling me english but i am just saying because i don't know why i'm just born like that but i'm from philippines i don't know why so many people calling me usa girl because i sound english
Btw the cat memes are NOT FUNNY
This is going to be stuck in my head for a loooong time
Bro drank too much red bull
Me too
Mical gorden
I love this!!!!
Micheal Jordan? He got me convinced
That's not a russian in the team that's Null in the team
This is so peak I will never forget this
At least our female cricket team is doing well and we should support them...
Dogs make the world feel a bit kinder and warmer
Watching dogs just makes everything feel lighter somehow
This dog got me laughing out loud for real
This content never gets old, always entertaining
I had a husky.  She was a drama queen and talked all the time Miss her!
In stark contrast to its cool exterior, the husky is incredibly goofy
This dog is a natural comedian
This dog got me laughing out loud for real
Hi, I want to make similar videos. I’m starting small, but I keep running into the same problem: where do I find new clips? Could you share any advice or sources for finding short videos like these?
Miss the Deadly Combo of John Terry and Frank Lampard
Under pochettino we had lots of injuries but we still went on a winning run with caicedo and Gallagher in midfield but here we are with lots of fit players and we’re sh*te
Coach Rosenior must GO !
We had to lose here coz we can't have such a season then have Arsenal win the league all at the same time
where is enzo
Go find something else. You're not fit for football....
what is Sanchez doing .
Only team can beat and undertaken ie Man united
Who else is sorry for Arsenal
Who is Chelsea , Manchester city forever
Chelsea were destroyed, but somehow Arsenal suffered?
Is Mr. Abramovich still missed?
As a Man City fan, I like BLUECO because they destroyed Chelsea
Chelsea lowkey shortening my life expectancy
Oh I miss Nicolas Jackson in this Chelsea team  because he was a real fighter and now we don't have a fighter upfront  João Pedro is not a fighter. Let's be frank  and Nicolas Jackson is the one who reminds us of Didier Deogba's fighting spirit. We need Jackson back in the Chelsea squad  because without Nico, Cole Palmer has become Freezing Palmer
the one with a bruise on his lip  i totes did not blush or smile way to hard
The last two guys u cut my
4 is fine??
Those are my brother's
The one w the bruise and the last one CLOCK IT BITCH they CUTE
The last one
Guys did y'all notice the hickey on the last dude's neck?!
The last one …
Damm 25 any1
Three gives off such a vibe
The last one
Andrew is also in there
The last guy i have butterflies
Ahhhhh they all so fine I
Help my name is Maria
I only love the 4
I love the Hair style
4 and 6 come here
The 2 with the fluffy hair got me blushing
I have butterflies in my stomach there just so cute
The last 2 my nose is bleeding
The won with the  puffy lip go my eye
The last guy did not sing
The last dude man he is mad
I have a crush on the one that has krlyhair and the that has the bloody lips
Whyyyy they are so handsome
The one with the bruised lip is the definition of finne shyt
the one with the injured lip is so fine
I thought that was venom
I actually looked into the vinyl ashes thing. My husband and I are both big music people, so it would be right up our alley. But alas! It's, like, $5k+ and you can't use licensed music??? So... probably not going to do that.
This was a great video. My favourite was the cat and guy wondering about downstairs
Not the jar
07 : 49 : A mom is something that you can't replace, a boyfriend is .
This was very interesting
The Tumbnail is avarge falling asleep first at a sleepover-
Great Father good son
That last seen
Subscribe please 35K/50K
good husband
funny as a donkey
I made cry for her kid she's are person too
This is powerful
No way
Justice for babe
Loll
First qhy is he touch he a## and the cloth oh dam that got me
Hahaha good one the baby freeze to death
Poor little boy lol
'save the tree not the apple'ahh post
That man is not kind to the baby
Yoooo what did bro do at the end
This is why aliens don’t visit earth
Lucky we have ai now
of live sir
In 2026 : dev use claude code while reviewer use code rabbit . Still no one got idea what we are doing
I have no idea what im liking
Realest shit I ever seen
Hows non party affiliated work  why no honesty
LMAO
Removing test cases for a pull request is an easy way to lose a job/internship lmfaooooo
Where's the other 14 seconds
I also did that somtimes
Gotta say, three stack guys are right f*cked with this AI bollocks now.
fix_shit
As a Senior Dev i don't agree
should definitely make a movie
I did that same thing I was like I think I need a break off gacha I think I watch too much of these
I love this one sm. 10:32
the hmp was priceless
the fect bro
Me when I saw this*gets fake glasses* “erm is that BLLLLL I see?!”
I really thought the gray hair guy was Leon
what's the song's name??
This is oeak
I missed compilations like this
The slide marks on the carpet
if my brothers mess with me, they mess with my fists
Let's do that again (continues loop)
Im runnin circles arround ya
She's so pretty though! My dream look
God the tf2 effects always crack me up
U used my voice thanks
The only inaccurate part is stopping when she said to
Bother is only letter from Brother.
FUN FACT: You can like comments by double tapping them, but by triple tapping them u can also reply
So has he ever made an actual gmod video? Nailed the stlye in all your videos
I like watching this, because it's funny
I love how the voices of Heavy and Scout fits you both very well
So real
not the DUDE WIPES
Zis is beautifool
Bruh not the L4D stalker sound
Amazing video as always. I especially enjoyed the "am I about to get shot" and the cat suffering the consequences
the splat
Oh my god that poor man’s knees doing the clean
It's great
The fact that the first meme is the exact pigeon from the thumpnail just made it extra hilarious for i dont even know why
Best one in a long time
The links listed in the description are for the previous video
I literally spit laughing
I'm afraid to tell them I'm bisexual
Its normal to have green eyes if your mom has brown eyes and dad blue eyes its normal because green eyes are in the middle
I wanna do this, so bad, I just need to wait for the glow up
Harry Potter? Is that you?
When I seen the bright yellow shirt I was like he’s gay, and his actually gay
All of them has glasses
OMG, ARE YOU GAY??? You have my full support, long live the LGBT community!!!
Ur gay DW im Lesbian well not really im starstraight  but i support you
What those the last one mean
The first Part of the video: ok Combination of your parents
The Final Part: WTF
Uhhh no one going to talk about his eye color and his perent's eye color
Naw buddy you failed  just kidding
strange question JSJJAJS are you the uke or the seme?
literally my family is all straight then theirs me
GAY FOR LIFE BABY
You mom dad not lgbt+ why you gay
Bro same am also gay!  SUPPORT YA
I`m from indonesia, but for some reason l like your videos
l like a little with LGBB
Number 2
Roman and sereph r the best in this video right guys
KANIGRA DION
Roman and Ari And  seraph ate that up they didn’t left no CRUMBS  y’all slayed honestly
Roman ari seraph ogs are back in the building
Seraph and Roman are the best couple  sorry melo
I love this song  so much and all of the baddies are in the video lol bye bye
Fr arii seraph and roman so tea
The song
The beat
The creator
The creator
The instrumental
The software used to create this beat
The synthesizers
The drums
The bassline
The guitar riff
The background melodies
The sound effects
The sound engineers
The autotune
The studio where it was recorded
The recording booth
The microphone
The mixing board
The mastering process
The final touches
The speakers blasting the sound
The headphones
The earbuds
The phone playing the track
The Bluetooth connection
The AUX cord
The radio stations broadcasting it
The vibrations in the air
The sound waves
The subwoofer thumping
The car stereo booming
The car stereo booming
The vibrations in the walls
The windows rattling
The ones listening to it
The neurons firing in your brain as you vibe to it
The dopamine surge
The adrenaline rush
The goosebumps
The fans cheering
The viewers on YouTube
The thumbs up on the video
The comments left by fans
The pinned comment
The one who commented first
The guy who got ratio'd
The first person who heard it
The person who replayed it 50 times
The guy who added it to his playlist
The person who saved it offline
The one who recommended it to his friends
The one who shared it in a group chat
The people bobbing their heads
The guy lip-syncing
The DJs spinning this track
The party where this was the vibe
The house party shaking with the beat
The concert where it was played
The rave where the lights matched the music
The crowd jumping to the beat
The stage lights
The speakers on stage
The pyrotechnics on stage
The laser lights
The fog machine
The fireworks in the background
The mosh pit forming
The people getting hyped
The hands up in the air
The festival where this track was played
The afterparty
The Uber ride home blasting it
The person humming the melody
The muscle contractions making you dance
The people posting fire emojis
The GIF reactions
The comments section
The algorithms pushing this to the top
The YouTube trending page
The Spotify viral charts
The people sharing it on social media
The Instagram stories
The TikTok videos
The reels
The algorithms pushing it further
The fan-made remixes
The nightcore version
The slowed + reverb version
The 1-hour loop
The fans listening on repeat
The house shaking from the bass
The car subwoofer booming
The windows vibrating
The windows vibrating
The neighbors complaining
The people putting it on during a party
The road trips with this on repeat
The Spotify Wrapped featuring this track
The year-end list
The workout playlist
song name pls!!! the last girl is so gorgeusss  i have no idea how to spell it..
Can I be in your video please
Ari Roman and sereph , big good
This song is fire
A little more school cus it's
The first is pretty
The last one is kind of scary  but 1 and 2 is a baddie queen
The second one is so pretty
Seeing your vlogs—especially the ones from your "Mama Ghar" makes me miss mine so deeply. My mamaghr is in Naamsaling, and it has been way too many years... the last time I was there was back in 2017. Since my grandparents shifted to Jhapa, after then going back has been so difficult between school, college, and now my job, my schedule never seems to align when buwa ama goes. But honestly, your vlogs truly makes my day. Every time I watch your mamaghr vlogs I get back to my childhood, feeling that crisp air, that mamaghr ko thulo thulo aagan, those roads and jhan pahila gadi ko bato na Huda ghoda ma chadera mamaghr janu ani especially mamaghr Jada pickup Wala gadi pixadi ubher gako memories I miss everything....and from Your videos I relive all those golden memories. Even though the exact location isn't the same, the vibe is and Ilam always feels like home. Thank you for giving me a piece of my childhood back through your videos.
Thank you guys for 33 subscribers keep support
nana so funny hau hasda hasda 5 choti re garera herey
ko ...big fan Apsara sis ..from Bhutan
Have a nice day and enjoy
So lucky to have your grandmother and grandfather in your life nana it means a lots of blessings and healthy life . In my life i lost both I miss them always czzling nana
Koma is so beautiful Katti ramree) From Darjeeling)
Happy family
Keep supporting
Beautiful vlog baini
Trap
Very funny
Woww i didnt expect it to look so good
Thanks for 2 subscribers
Is part of life
common sence
EOdm d
TikToks indian be like
When you are feeling down come to this comment, tell me your struggles if u want, i won't judge, just remember there is always someone out their that loves you even if u cant see it, to someone out there you are their sun, you are loved , its fine to cry, just remember that you can vent here.
I will try to reply
I feel so suffocating living in my own house,I never get to be myself,express my feelings and getting constantly scolding breaks my feelings,one time my parents almost got a divorced and blame it on me  I have no privacy in my life my mother always checks my chats with my friends and if I tell my mom I wanna wear this that she always says "only bad teens wear those" yk how bad that feels and yeah I'm the black sheep of my family,even now my parents are arguing
is relatable. I had this "best friend" named sawyer, she was a type of friend that made me smile everyday we also had small fights but kept being friends but one day she was trying to steal a stuffed toy with her other friend for "fun" and I said no, but she thought it would be funny to say "Fine, I'm not your friend anymore." I said okay and just walked off. I thought she was gonna be a BFF but she wasn't. I am currently happy, well kinda but ngl kinda lazy to type it, but I have a BFf who actually cared and would love me forever.
This helps me, Also the internet is a rly dangerous place <3  storytime pookies <3 So I was playing roblox (as one does) w/ my EX FRIEND (she was my friend at the time), and there was someone else in the game. They were both bullying me abt being a therian so I left. Then I get a text saying 'Hey furry girl It's me from roblox.' So me being the very reasonable person I am, I texted them back instead of blocking them. Some back and forth of beef later she texted me w/ my: address, FULL NAME, year in skl. guys plz help me T^T
everyone with real problems and instead of writing the big paragraphs to comfort them i complain about being left on read for days by the only  two people i talk to
My work is so bad that the teacher doesn't even look
They bullied me to the point I agree with just everything there was a video about me people talking behind my back passing notes staying in bed all day and night. SA'd I had enough LEFT THE. OUT WHEN IM TRYING TO MAKE SURE THEY DON'T GET LEFT OUT! CUTS ON MY ARMS LEG FAILED ATTEMPTS OVER AND OVER AGAIN! FALLING BEHIND IN ALL MY WORK IN SCHOOL I JUST HATE IT MAKE IT STOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP IM ANYOING IM DUMB PEOPLE HATE ME MY ON GRANDMA HATES ME.
Instead of meeiny miny moe we do black shoe
Yeah but when i was playing tag everyone thought i wasn't tagged and tagged me and i had to keep saying I've been tagged it was so annoying
You dropped this  can I have it?
Believing your toys came to live when you slept was bc of toy story let's be real
When you hurt your leg by for example a bicycle ride, just stand up and deal with it
When  she froze
I just got push in a cart  today
I never broke a bone but this video is still funny
True with the cart pushing but now I can’t go into the cart
When I hit my ankle with the scooter it peeled my skin off
I love being pushed in a cart I’m still younger but not that young love you videos
Can't believe she still slept with her dolls
When I was 9 this was peak
I really liked riding in carts . Every time my feet hurt I would beg my mom to go in.
Getting pushed in the cart was THE coolest thing to be seen doing back in the dayand i would always pretend that my moms phone was mine..!
Why the leg in braking your angle looks weird
I still do all this stuff except getting pushed in a cart, my mom stopped about 6 years ago  now I’m to old
Apsulutly me
The stuffies  I used to tell them I wouldn’t tell anyone if the moved
This is so relatable
Toy Story I’m coming for you
I played freeze tag yesterday after a long time lol
That one tagger would say “this is sooo unfair! I don’t wanna play anymore!”
Omg soooo funny
Please don’t tag me noooooo got me laughing
Yeah! Gotta love the childhood times!!
Remember when you would either need like a brace or got hurt you felt so cool
Subscribe for more funny videos!
I was NOT expecting that at #1
Omg the pictures are killing me
like the Micheal was ha
The karate one is crazy
The granny
The 3rd one is next Bruce Lee
Smooth criminal
Not the Tina belcher pic
Lol last one
All of those got mě laughing on the floor
Not the grow a garden music
That Michael Jackson scene got me
The Last one was wildddd
For who hear a violin playing
Oh Make Jackson, that was so funny. I was a fairy I was afraid. you know that because my name is Brooklyn YouTuber seeing people
Mj is that you?
Grandma why you on the door!! Who is inside
Ts is not funny
She was a fairy
That made me laugh that my dad start shouting at me
*This video proves that not all heroes wear capes, some wear reflective vests and hard hats *
I’m so sad that nothing of this funny for me
sheis ok her coat isn't
yeah that was a disaster
I lowkey always feel bad for the people that get hurt
Its sow fanny
So many hilarious moments in one place. Thanks for sharing such an entertaining video!
Top 100 funniest videos and every clip delivered a good laugh
Every thumbnail discriminates against overweight people!
This is actually impossible… every clip hits harder than the last
Thank you guys I saw your comment before I watch video otherwise 18 minutes would have been wasted
