Completely love everything about this!! So beautiful & inspiring
How should I tell about this………
he’s trying to talk black so bad
The girl on green, very ungrateful. You want ur papa to cook for u forever
No.3 forgot he was in a horror game
The only way I could do that was if you had to do a little more work and I would be happy with it but you have a
In my opinion gadget 7 that breaks the car door glass! It should be in every car just incase of an emergency especially in Elon Musks Tesla Cars hes a genius.
Sorry guys, Borneo is in Indonesia, specifically in Kalimantan
One milisecond of not dodging and everything is gone bro
GEOPOLITICS.
The action fighters, many players and good atmosphere
Girl is really beautiful
a very mysterious woman
1  name is inki name she's channel
Kate and mav are like a brother and sister to harper there so kind and supportive to harper. I love this podcast so much
Bro became a bush at number 2
Awesome review. Looking forward to getting it myself
W rizz and 99 over all
Great tape for college scouts.
It's Kind of a peace itself
They should make the flash small line like the x9 pro...
how can you deal with terrorists I don't know if they can keep their promises I hope so
I couldn't find the sause for the alternative girl
Your so prettyy omggg
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
Thanks for the video
Only franchise to hit 3000 cr+
Shouldnt have liked him anyway if thats what he like u for
Bro looked away and back again
Now you know it’s bad when people think this is funny
Where are u sky
DeviantArt gifs are something else, man
Selena is a queen and hailey is a loser. She’ll never be as great as selena…. Or hot
I feel like Drake Maye going do Tom Brady things with the patriots… resilience and willingness to win every play
*that first ASAP rocky album, w "distorted records" is a personal favorite of mine.
My Phy-11 teacher assigned us this video as an example of changing angular momentum and kinetic energy when you pull your arms in to spin
Kevin Hart at his funniest is pure chaos  His energy alone cracks me up. Did you actually make it through the whole 12 minutes without laughing? Be honest!
Why did the baby smile like that
How can you say its a copy of the orher...you dumb....so do i need to make the dimension differentyou can never tell by just an inch or mm that they are the same...still you dumb
Ff player
*Click now for guaranteed laughs *
What a game! Who else watched till the end?
Another day of celebrities remind me how much broke iam
Joe starting to become a Boomer before our eyes so fast
Be happy, be free, be self-sufficient and be kind to yourself. Don't listen to the naysayers that "No, it is impossible to start that project or that group, or that new job you've been dreaming of..." You all got this. This is a recommendation list, of course, you don't need to follow it to a T. Thank you!
Milkbikis old box matiri iruku
I saw a comparative comment here and I have to say this. Firstly, a truly wealthy person is someone who always thinks about bringing real value to others. In this world, there are always people who like to express their thoughts thoughtlessly. Who you like is your business because your preferences don't define them. You're here because you want to be rich, and people are helping you but what do you get in return? If you behave like this in real life, you'll be annoyed and disliked, and you won't be able to focus on getting rich. As in the video, give more than you receive
I don't want you to show or tell me EVERYTHING you do you don't have to show or tell us that
That scream was personal
all of this because of 4 words btw
9- dance Aacha tha guru
Most super hit most listened songs of Asha bhosle
when she started getting emotional me too we don't deserve absolutely not
I’d do that for like 10000$
just Emily being the sweetest person!
You dont have my number you dont know me well enough to have a problem with me
Bro's video got alot of views
I feel bad for this man
Nothing like the European culture
Wuthering waves in my mrwhosetheboss video?
The last one
This kind of look like my note 10 lite of Samsung
square gate is a big no!
After so long, I realised he hurt himself, just to make everyone laugh
the comments MIGHT be right
Bro turned into spider dance dude 1 millisecond after birth
Eta to thik Disha apu amader Ibrahim vaiya keo to ektu thank you dite paro bolo
She was fairy tanos say hell nah i am à fairy.
Bro from my phone she broke the damn sound barrier gawd damn girl you need to be a singer both of you need to be singers
Literately your blog is the highlight of my week makes me wanna look cute have fun and romanticize life more and more  thank you !  Keep shinning!!
Cmon, dude in the bed looks more like jeffrey epstein. Thats even worse
I still do all this stuff except getting pushed in a cart, my mom stopped about 6 years ago  now I’m to old
This is the island
No cause it’s giving Harper when she is getting her wisdom teeth removed
Nothing is one ofy favourite android phones and video and camera are very decent
Me who is watching this song only for sreemukhi
Enjoyed the vlog
Pope!?? TDS, heal thyself!
i know that girl and her older sister they got kicked outta my schl for fighting....
Bruh  stop it how embarrassing
all for a boy  he's not even all that bruh. he's just ur avg white boy who can sing
Bhartiji ap bhut cute lag rhe the us bangs mei u should try it
I would do it but im broke as hell
NEVER USE A METAL BRUSH!!! To clean any surface you might have food on
Bang on that is unbelievable
Is Freddie new power is to teleport?!
and then you hear “This is the carrier, Long night of Solace.”
I have no idea what im liking
I do pg.13 things to jars of mayonnaise
One day I’ll build a setup like yours
girl im sorry this is not relatable to the video, but you seem like such a rage baiterlike you have the facial expressions of someone who rage baits loll
Imagine having your entire career in black face
Please carter help me out with a gaming pc
$10 has asus name and msi logo
The girl ate a horse balls and she didn't even know  ewwwww peee u
the racoon
That's some next level shit
Your the bast
My poor ears I hated the sound of all that
Bro, it’s not even making me laugh
HoW TO YOU LIKE THE SMELL OF - that's not ok
My question is..? As a matter of fact..lve 2 questions?
Murdered by cop
I like the first one
I hope this is ai
You are like potty
you the real code
They don't make video just for India they make for all world
Hi, I’m planning to buy the iPhone 13. Do you think it’s still a good option in 2026 for daily use and overall performance?
Roasting with the price on the jump is wild
Not gonna lie fire phone was actually kinda fire
Majed then
team up mat karo sare bkl Asli fans nehi hote !!
pls ive always wanted the mac neo can i have yours pls
he brought an old skillet into her kitchen and she straight cooked out the gate
Nice video bro  thumbnails can really boost views, keep improving
What a great time to be a Habs fans
I was watching this guy during when the sonic movie came out the first one back in 2020 this guy is much childhood so funny
Best 13 ive ever seen aswel
Me when i am playing i surviving game
The diddy one was insane
You peoples know why your here because the thumbnail
this whole video is so real
the best dong i've heard
Nice chill music
Before you mentioned "hitman 2", I thought it was a Zack animation and I was genuinely watching how to kill people without being discovered
Last when is a jump scare
Phone box motorola  that smell
Haircut is fire
We failed as a society making anxiety the most listened song
Please, let our voices be heard. Stand with us. Do not let the suffering of millions be invisible.
i love how you get to the fucking point
he as a 99 ovr it is crazy in high school
That's sooo crazy
I miss this dance
Loving that beat number three
am I the only one who doesn’t hear the story until they talk about it
Eleven Sweden bed and fram Afrika Är
You can't tell me that's not organized crime.Any I won't believe you
Who gives 4 x It’s his life and his business
Name of games
does it say boyfriends girlfriends rest OK
bro is on fire
Im in love with cass
"I tried to scream, but my head was underrrrrrr" this AI
are they rlly without cloches ? Or it’s just me
On 3/7/2026, I'm still watching......fan from Taiwan
Everybody wants to marry you
Full support jony bhai
I took my girl shopping today.
Not trying to make fun of you  but is  your eye okay? i’m your biggest fan. I love your videos
What?
Yo Vermax when you do any giveaway or just wanna sell a bad temu PC can I have it please  when I grow up I wanna become a eSports gamer but I don't have anything to play on
Sorry guys, Borneo is in Indonesia, specifically in Kalimantan not in Malaysia
Man's almost a Lord Of the Rings duration of Highlights in his rookie season
The lead singer of GWAR.
Your PC
got me hiding in the comments
Orutu orutu nalla oruttu. Un nala manasuku ne uruttuna nala tha iruppa. Vanguravan tha pavan
Just like the current Arsenal team he has gone missing .
KD walking like he was ok
This video makes me very happy! Sitting miles away from India, missing home a lot.. stay blessed with your happy family
Top 10 ugliest dribbles in NBA history
Dude only looks for popular games
Why do they all have the same type of dog
Heyy nothing,, add nothing island in the upcoming update.....built different
Third one: bro became grandma
Is it a crime that am a boy but I love you content
And Cyngi on the PS5 has gone up to $200.
Its good until you get a wife.
Best show in the world
Is it rated m
Ngl. The first one made me laugh my lungs out,after 5 years of despair
I have been in the hospital very depressed and I just keep rewatching this. Please make more Roblox videos, I am begging. I will literally pay you
I’m watching this at night. R.I.P to me
Well...in their defense...None of them are Adjudicated Rªpists or Convicted Felons....or both
“ that cloud looks like a drumstick” IM DEAD
I’ll never forgive Samsung for breaking our favorite YouTuber
Wishing you a happy and healthy 2026, with a big northern hug from a fellow techtuber in Yorkshire
The Last one was wildddd
Apple is declining
love your videos, thank you for taking us with you
Pechana mujhe thum thum tenau
Gotta say, three stack guys are right f*cked with this AI bollocks now.
So damn beautiful! Paris is
Love this female rendition of love  song...Sound relaxing..love it
He should of put a mask on and gloves to be a doctor lol
And all of us viewers who supported Ivana Alawi Channel.
deku js obliterated Eggman
Bro she is serious
Me to pachtara is phone ke leke
Can't deny Veeze been in his bag since day one, but that HIPVIEWS DAWT CAWM boost is on another level! Dude’s literally unstoppable now.
Tit for tat!
Are you advertising or promoting that water bottle?  Why so unnecessary information
What Channing Tatum tryna recreate this time
Lmao I guess Kylie Jenner cannot escape from rappers
This is not funny
The coca farmers aren’t the problem they can’t make any money on any other product and the narcos take advantage of them also
That heffer is unf@ckable pos
That's what you get for the betrayal of your coach patrick roy
I'm late asf,5days.I missed your voice li twan
The plane just crashed
I'm Korean, so please understand that the translation may be weird
I LIVE for the small details in this sketch  The DJ vibing in character, the bridesmaids typing in the verse about Googling Domingo, Ariana intentionally singing badly, I will never not like this video
The third one got me
Pov twisted dyle solo be like
I'm sorry for that I'm wrong sorry I will never do it again I will gonna say it's funny I'm really sorry please for give me please I treeted you badly I'm so so so sorry I'm just a kid I'm really not lying I'm so sorry
Imagine having to search for an app in an emergency
Slippers
All shits and giggles comes to end after dad comes to you
I genuinely do not get the hype about in and out, it's so nasty to me
Not Toga giving him the N-pass
Wtf at the thumbnail?
Nah bru playing 99 nights irl
second music reference i caught in this video
Hearing mac playing in the background
Yeah already know that from white chicks movie black man can be a white girl
Freedom for the people of Iran  THE ISLAMIC REGIME OF IRAN NEEDS TO END. Thank you trump and Israel for helping Iranian people REZA PAHLAVI WELL RETURN_LONG LIVE THE KING
Cool music. I loved it
Aah, this is before his voice recordings
Thank you for listening  Check out our sponsors: https://lexfridman.com/sponsors/cv8993-sa
Elementary PE nostalgia
In the thumbnail it seems as a Tab
Apsulutly me
Kirah GWORL  you content is litt!!!  I really enjoy your editing style and colour grading. I pray that you are able to share your tech secrets  and how you edit, because I'm here for it
Nuke the straight
No, that guy on the second meme is gonna end up like Don Messick!
Nah that’s xxl freshman cover wild veeze
I paid five dollars and thirty nine cents
We can all agree that the funk last chance is gonna be in the end credits(im hopping that it is )
They say it's 90/10 but its not
This might be one of the shortest song ever but still
4 was actually tuff
Love this song!
They were completely unprepared for the snow and got bullied by the Patriots!  Worst #1 seed of all time! Justice served.
Sounded expensive to purchase & to maintain! That's why most experienced car mechanics owned vehicles that are as manual & mechanical as possible with minimum electronics & Normally Aspirated Engined for less headache , heartache & more economical ownership!
3,2 and 1 sooo good
I played Zelda BOTW on a Wii U and loved it
Super whack
Them: No need for for a DNA test  we already have our voice
the switch up is crazy
It lowkey makes me sad that everyone was like why is a 20 year old woman saying that to a teenager when harper said the same thing when her and Kate got in a fight.
Blackview active 13 or this ? Which is better
As an Asianplease use real rice it's not even that hard, just buy a cheap rice cookerTastes so much better!
when you say to add your branding are you saying add my own brand/account name? Or do you mean add the content creators brand to avoid copyright? thanks for the help and awesome video by the way easy and simple
It never happened like that
Finding a job ..
HAHAHAHAH IM CRYING 10:37 the guy in the back
i could relate with the soggy food one
I am using oneplus nord 6 .it's   like super cool.y he talking like this
No matter how many times I watch this I still can’t believe my beloved Dodgers won
All of the clips are about balls
lying ass dude
Never heard of him before but really enjoyed this - so I want to stick up for him by pointing out that the video's title, the description below, and the ACTUAL STAMP THROUGHOUT THE VIDEO manage to misspell his last name 3 different ways!  I think he deserves better, so pick one!
Eww was so gross he wiped his poop on his cheek
LoOK At Me what's inappropriate
not gonna lie this makes me a lil paranoid
They want their legacy to be the last Supreme Court
Just got my first iphone and it is iphone 17 white
the 4th one
what vid is thiss like the title
I can’t look at Samara the same anymore
guys they are already missing the plane
You're an angel! I was in a long search for a recipe that called for dry active yeast and no oil. You explain everything thoroughly and I appreciate you
