Nothing impressive. That's a big slow target.
the Mickey Mouse behind her is so funny
Can you give me a happy birthday like please! It would mean alot and its easy to do! Thanks!
The past is beautiful and fun
The second one was my favorite and my mom’s favorite
Mae toh kahta madam gand dogi
Please cdrama compilation next
Lol Sino at the back
I love some Theo
Thanks ABC news and David Muir to travel so many news and even showed the richest music ever all over the Wold
Akon _ lonely am so lonely, I've no body,am on my ooon , I woke up in the middle of the night,and I found my girl is not on my side
Girl I wish I could be like you but my attention span…
On  without Mookie
Always waiting for you to upload
What
That first goal was hectic  looked like a rugby game
Edit: sorry if I made this to long of a read
Bro I like that song but scary
replay at 0.25x
i though he would step on shoulder of his defenders a literal cross-over
I been seeing you for a while and there's something about you that seems very  eccentric about u I like it.
" I LoVe YoU gUYs" -then the pig noise just caught me off guard
I will cry if that was me
optimus prime saw arachnid but he's too old
I've always noticed this but SUGA talks SO much more when there is just the members around. Jimin was hilarious and all the members helping the others answer qustions by talking over one another
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
*This video had me in stitches  How do these things even happen at work*
Shake it to the max is from afrika
Sam and the F1 teams still working hard during the break .
What the actual fire did I just watch!?
3 one
bro speaks 2.5x naturally
Clasic
Good ol dirty nasty lookin MX ... Every single one I have is javked lookin  I started trying other mice but using that horizontal scroll for my volume is just something i use too much too change
They all dirty and some took it all the way
Our girl is travelling to Nigeria
11:03 happened in back 2 back weeks btw
So sad yet funny  Which moment made you laugh?
Mrbeast, cmon man, that’s so mean
Can you not put your products right in the middle of the screen please
Now we call it eyephone
Just know they are demonic!!! Thank God for President Trump.
Cutting board for grandmas hehe
Wow, she wants a medal.
That made me laugh
Im runnin circles arround ya
I needed this tyy
He is so funny and that guy everyone just wants to be around. It hard to believe he has had his dark times but rose above
I want you telling , it's the best camera situation here
Where's the other 14 seconds
how I wan address you wey Dey half naked?
U are very sweet
5 year olds be like “what is the first game name I want to play it”
A real point guard would have pass that way up for a cut. Of course, Randle settled for a contested midrange post up and he made it.  Trade him for a point guard, asap, while his value is still high.
The pain he had to go through just so we could laugh
First time here and I love the vibes already
The first one is literally me, and like, i'm being honest
Not me laughing before he said what he said
Shopping link for the phone is blocked
Kind of a bullshit comment because this game hasn’t even released, so you can’t say it’s fixed anything!
The players on the field are fighting for their job and life
Must be democats running from the war
She. Is preyeng to God
What is terraria even about
I love being pushed in a cart I’m still younger but not that young love you videos
A robot that acts like your drunk uncle, only not mean. Who wouldn’t want this?
How to find best clips.
Refs need that sometimes
The fart sound killed me
"I know you like me"
can i have ur old camera
Kennard play like that then Durant aint thst scary. But we will see
Too much better than IPhone
just catch the damn ball
The smiths
Bro the 4th one let me thinking “ dang this guy got the china voice better respect him before he cook me with roast “
if my brothers mess with me, they mess with my fists
Bhai vlog ka editing aur music combo mast tha  pura end tak dekha!”
am i really that old
This song has a very 2000s-2010s feel to it
The Acasis is more a Dock not a Hub. I don't know why they would call it Hub.
Al Horford was trigger pulling
Let's pray that this win moves Jay's  trajectory forward...let's go Jays!!!
why was it sped up
kalyug chal rha hai bhai yeh kya hai jab insta chalata tha tab toh bas anime edits the yeh sab kya hai
This episode hurt my heart
This is the funniest mercuri videos I ever see
You gotta wipe your feet when you get out of that car.
Baseball rlly fun asf miss it
Super family
What's my favorite thing?
of live sir
I could never
Your vlog is the most beautiful and adorable
Is that the Zion guy in dunk city dynasty
guys it's not funny anymore
up iran
$9-$11 for those jars… inflation is insane
Best earbuds under 2000 podu brooo
What is Call of Duty Certified phone ?
“But there not coming for you.”  She came off the top rope with that slam.
Not the *boo get off the stage* why did I think there was actual fans
Canada is very proud of you Jim, keep it up
Mouse biggest scam
Dyle: an old ahh clock who likes mlp and his twisted form being a literal snake
Why was I eating faster watching the food game thinking i was also playing
Love you Baby girl  when I first had you 22 hours of labor
They took her out and it's really messed up because this is a situation that was more like this a really good person that was just having one of them Day where everything going bad and your doing everything you can not to just snapping out and flipping out and then HERE comes some one with a lil authority and just pic the right person to Just mess with and for her it's more like here last straw and he said get out I'll light you up and it's poor word choice by a newB and she wasalready at her boilng point and now they had to cover up the snowballed situation this is sad and even worse it's happening more frequently these days  open your eyes world
The  call out on nick wilkins is crazy
holy inputlag bro
I dont have to worry... my Dad played COD
Hiw to say im gooning to lebron in chinese
I love this show eh
What i really admire her the most is her compassion to the animals
"I do pg 13 things to.... jars of mayonnaise!" His mum prob be like"hun you sure you wanna do those weird stuff to the poor mayonnaise
Hey, I don’t have a medical condition. Can I go to therapy? 12:00
Not Looey licking his lips
Number 1 lit sounded like Katy Perry
NOO don’t mix sunscreen with anything it can become much less effective
That girl on nose ring is very dull
I will be your babysitter
The announcer at :30 f or the Damien Lillard deserves a billion dollars. Excitement like that is non biased. That’s passion and love of this game. That made me tear up Somebody please tell this man I love him.  ball is life
10 unanswered. That's more like it
Yatra went Wally West mode
My Dad used to listen to this songs I miss him so much
Ryker webb becoming chucky's new cousin
I'm sorry but that not sabrina
Really this is this he put himself it means he's smiling
Kirah when I was watching the beginning bathroom scene. I could see a strong Red Aura. I had to look it up and it sounds so much like you  A red aura signifies intense physical energy, passion, grounding, and a strong connection to the material world, typically linked to an active Root Chakra. It represents ambitious, confident, and assertive individuals, often referred to as passionate, driven, or fiery personalities.
Me: i’m surrounded by fucking idiots
Ui is pathetic
David is my favorite one
Guys BLACKPINK when!?! You guys forget about them or what???
You really are so clumsy
People been saying how the kid is so nervous girl if that was me i would be that too my mom would be so mad at me bout not taking care of my phone and shit
BUFF YATTA IS KILLING ME
1 2 and 3
why does that look like my chemistry teacher
I thought she was gonna bounce it off the balls in her hand or something cool
Disappointing
That shirt was awesomee its literally perfect for his bodyy
YRF is cooked
Where do you work to be buying this kinda stuff broo!!!!
Sala kich bhi game bana deta hai
When playing basketball you cooked gurl
It's going to land in about ten minutes
What are they feeding this people
I low key thought knuckles was gonna paint them all the same color
i finally sound like arianna!
The ginger one is crazy whith goob
She is cute
I felt that part when he said everybody walking around like they got it together
So polski with metal gear oh no
no cause preparing last minute is so real
Boom
Yep she got the power
Btw Mia I love your videos! I’m a sixth grader in one of 300 best schools in Russia. It’s exam season so I’m very stressed, people may think I’m just dramatic since I’m a child but it took me a ton of studying and teaching to get in this school. And if I get a bad grade on my exam I’m probably gonna get kicked out Love your videos
Lol last one
Pro get the pc off the rug
Aloo khaoge
I love 5, 3, and 2 very much; they are the best.I think so, and I apologize if you, the reader, disagree.
Getting second hand embarrassment
Bro I have been waiting 2 hours for my Mickey dees
Sandwiches and milkshakes for u
Omg your channel looks amazing but you don’t have a lot of followers why
I can sing too
Ok so basically me and my friends had his one friend named Leo and we thought he was a good guy  right? WRONG!! FIRST he made  fun of my BEST BEST friend saying she’s stupid and stuff like that and you know DAMN well I wasn’t letting that slide so I talked it out with him and we all became friends with him again. NOW FOR SOME REASON THIS YEAR HE COMPLETELY CHANGED HIS PERSONALITY! Like he pretended to be “emo” and “depressed” saying he was gonna write ppls names in his “death note” PUH-LEASE BRO YOU KNOW DAMN WELL THAT THING DOESNT EXIST AND THENNNN HE CAME FOR ME AND  MY OTHER BEST FRIEND (WE’LL CALL HIM A FOR PRIVACY REASONS). SO ME AND A AND LEO WHERE IN A GROUP TOGETHER IM STEM WHEN WE WHERE STILL FRIENDS THIS YEAR AND LEO TELLS US THAT WE DIDNT BRING IN THE SUPPLIES WE NEEDED FOR THE PROJECT “ON TIME” KNOWING DAMN WELL ME AND A BROUGHT IN THE SUPPLIES WHEN OUR STEM TEACHER WANTED THEM! ALSO A WAS SICK THAT DAY SO HIS MOM BROUGHT THE SUPPLIES IN FOR HIM! SO HE LIED TO OUR TEACHER SAYING THAT WE DIDNT BRING IN THE SUPPLIES WHEN A WEEK AGO HE WAS LITERALLY USING THE DOMINOS I BROUGHT IN FOR IT THENNN A COUPLE DAYS AGO TO LIKE A WEEK, A TELLS ME THAT LEO IS FOLLOWING HIM EVERYWHERE..WHERE HE SITS AT LUNCH LEO SITS NEXT TO HIM! EVEN ONE TIME AT MATH BC LEO IS IN HONORS MATH AND THE TEACHER FOR THEM WASNT THERE THEY CAME INTO OUR REGULAR MATH CLASS AND A SITS DOWN IN HIS SEAT WHERE HE ALWAYS IS..AND GUESS WHO SITS NEXT TO HIM?…LEO AND A TOLD ME THAT HE FEELS LIKE HES BEING HELD AT GUNPOINT TO TALK TO HIM STILL EVEN AFTER WHAT HAPPEND LIKE HELLOOOO?? LEO GET YOUR EGO FIXED LIKE OMG! AND TODAY AT LUNCH A’S MENTAL HEALTH WHENT DOWN LOW ALL BECAUSE OF LEO! (IM NOT EXPLAINING IN FULL DETAIL OF WHAT HAPPENED AT LUNCH BC HE TOLD ME TO KEEP MOST OF IT BETWEEN HIM AND ME) AND I FEEL SUPER BAD BC I WHENT THROUGH THAT BEFORE TOO! AND AT THE END OF TODAY WHEN WE CAME BACK FROM LAST PERIOD A TELLS ME THAT LEO CALLED HIM A PIECE OF SH*T AND AN ASSHOLE AT THE BACK OF OUR HOMEROOM! LIKE WTF!? A TELLS ME NOT TO TALK TO HIM ABT IT (LEO SITS NEXT TO HIM BC LIKE I SAID , HE FOLLOWS HIM EVERYWHERE) BUT I TOLD HIM “BOY I CARRY MY GRANDMAS TEMPER AND ANGER AND IM NOT LETTING THAT SLIDE AT ALL!” SOOO IM PLANNING TO TALK TO LEO TOMORROW WHAT SHOULD I SAY?? ANYWAYSSS THAT ALL THE TEA I HAVE FOR TODAY!! I’LL UPDATE YOU GUYS IF I GET MORE
Vote for chalange vid
I'm just saying you're cute but can you play Roblox with me and we can do some tic tacs together do you want me to come to my birthday party February 18th birthday party but can you send me that you are coming to my birthday party February 18th Rihanna Rihanna do y'all got a man cuz I do love you
What is in the 100$ pc cause i want to build one
People if iran have been taken hostage by a regime that’s a terrosit one and one that doesn’t want to do what’s in the benefit and well-being of its people! They killed 40,000+ Iranians back in January and they don’t care if war with the US and Israel kills more people
Radhey Radhey
Thats what will happen when you negotiate with LUNATICS
It's A Shame I was getting excited
its obvious we are NOT the only planet with life on with tech to travel
Splendious, amazing and beautiful performance that's a beautiful talent
Did anyone else think Emily looked so pretty in her pjs
bro wat im dying
by no fault of caseohs own, this video was incredibly boring to watch
Love how brief and concise you report the news
Rizz em with the tism
I wish i was your sister cozz yheeeyy!! sana
Nice video, thank you for sharing
Loll
Vote for priffith bhaiya Q&A please
If the laptop shutdown, and i charge the neo, how do i know if the laptop already full? No charger light indicator like green/orange  please let me know
Please Trabzonspor win today they can't let Galatasaray win again
isnt this both burning calories AND gaining them ?  yall boutta go through a paradox
only if people knew what this audio is from
Mariod is a natural
Her hair.      r.     (I can’t spell her name) 0:27
You look so beautiful the tan looks amazing,keep staying focused and on your game, prayers going up
October 24 Vs Mavs to kick off the season I can’t wait
I thought that was venom
Literally Evelyn wtf was was that?
guys can u please react to a cdrama compilation next
For me this is a foul that pisses me tf off. You can’t just grabs someone’s shirt… might as well just foul them the normal way. And the fact he expected to get away with it
Help my name is Maria
I love that you're doing this ! It does help us see that there is still good in the world  Im a forever subscriber now
the gurl who is wearing that pink top,look at her top under armpit liner.sweats everywhere.her hair is crazy.i don’t even know what she is putting on.the guy was well put together.say any other thing  not the dress abeg.
Im thinking about it. But it is NOT cheap in europe
Steve Turned to Sheep
I just realized Harry Lewis is on Hamzahs avatar
Watching this on my 16+ and it feels like a dinosaur
I give everyone likes and no one likes me, it's so sad.
This game is literally Poppy Playtime but with no story, just puzzles and one random creature with zero backstory
God bless you and your lovely family, this is real vishu. family , family, family
Remember the iPhone 4
We have same girl in poland
Actually, I sing in the bathroom because I’m shy very very loud I mean like a speaker that is very big and can even hear it in outer space that’s how I sing even very great even though someone is sleeping but I don’t care
Number 2 the 67 in class
Bro got paid more in 1 minute than most parents get in 1 decade
Nah  this one was a blast
I don’t like when your vlog ends
She didn’t need a man - I bet most of the YouTube tutorials she watched were made by men
Hunter Biden  2:18:50 Donald Trump is mentally ill and mentally unhinged.
The won with the  puffy lip go my eye
I hope we get a world series like this again
Not me literally being the one that gets overstimulated very easily
This is girl veke but face the boy
I'm a 10 years old
this is how these terrorist are brain washed. We think why muslim , because these terrorist are brainwashed so easy that they believe what their handler says.
Watching this set for like the 10th time and it still makes me laugh
Joe was so scared and the other guy will get u  if u have info
Roman and sereph r the best in this video right guys
Ye series rannig rakho countinue din series  wonder ful game
Bro ps4 + fnaf3 + getting the spring lock ending =
God bless youJesus is king save your soul and repent nowGod loves you
Sankar sang a whole song in a breath
Just one question is the pen and case which charges it is it compatible with oneplus open I think find n3 or n5 I don't remember properly but if you know the answer please levae a comment
So funny the baby is food?
Jre knows more
this aint a puzzle game its a riddler trap
Once they lost the lead I knew it was over
I wish my granny was like this
The last one at the end thooo he was so proundddd
1 . Drawing I like so much
I’ve been looking for those revice flare legging pants for ages and I still can’t find them!! Can someone pls helllppp  2:22
Can I have the 5060
I has getting concerned you felt into the tourist trap yes I am sorry people recommended to you this shithole city.
really got me
bro my dream is having 60fps EVEN ONCE
This foldable is definitely a go
Why do we buy air if we put a thick back cover.
like the comment if u are watching these at 3 AM
That last guy, please get on the ground so I can beat you LOL
"I love the poorly educated" and the crowd cheers, is just fucking wild
Brothers and sisters, The Lord has instructed us to not practice magic or believe in future predictors for it is a sin. Only God has the true power to see the future and posses power. So watching Harry Potter or anything that contains magic or any power that does not come from GOD, is not right. May God bless us all, Amen
This is sad, cruel, and crazy
No no no why are you rushing our intro
Where did the lizzo go
"Could be us" you say? Guess what? HELL NO!  YOU'LL NEVER SEE ME SITTING ON SOMEONE'S LAP!
This meme is way too relatable
the first girl that lady would need to stop because like she made sounds by banging on the wall in the floor and stuff so like… you also did not sound like you make sounds out of what you said because walking to the kitchen get water is not noisy. It’s just your feet something on the ground softly but if you were stomping, then I would also get annoyed about your neighbor, but like that’s so crazy she cannot be doing that I would call the cops like the second she does that and I would tell them like stop the tell her to stop screaming at me like that that should be illegal That should be illegal. Who knows maybe it is but I’m so sorry for you!
Sorry I'm a bit late, life's been busy and all. But every time I watch Victory Marrie videos I just feel so comfortable and just calm.And the consistency has been so good
First time watching, she’s good, I mean she’s excellent!
Very funny
Hi  I am Layla Ayla and I love you so much I watch  victorious episode and I wish I met you
I think slot out
No funny
Sorry for him
If I were Kutano, I would transform myself into a horse.
Ooh Mam please
What you do is to partially freeze the log with the filling and then just cut with knife and let it rise as it thaws in the glass pan
What is Iranian emo kid talking about
The Sprout one  Dandy boutta shove Sprout and start scarfing up the pile of tapes  or they just gobble it up together
Does she have two kitchens? And love the mini fridge
I was literally was 4yrs old when all this songs came out I remember when I was in kindergarten or pre-k my teacher would always play this love for nap time.
i almost laugh in number 2
I think bro is possessed
Hauntingly fantastic
How to skid a clip
One of the filthiest rookie of the year high lights can’t lie  jazz fan here
Timothy says his life is an Opera
Why twise
Monsters, scared of monsters
Poor villager
Just kidding it wasn’t funny
Brazil is all Flare NO substance
why the sound kinds
Ofc the ref has to throw a god dang flag bro
Keep the bangs bharti sis u look so good love from Nagaland northeast India
motion in the ocean motion in the oce- *stops shaking booty*
2 could of given it to me
The Lord will get you in that bitch
The fact is no one is perfect its about finding a understanding partner
Ge Whit Johnson  Always Good To See You Excellent  Report Thx  You N All Of (ABC) Family  Enjoy The Rest Of The Weekend N Good Night !!!
Bhaiya app takle ache nhi lagte app bal me hi ache lagte ho jese pehle the
Ted realizing that his mom not his best friend
I watching this video on a36
Fbi director but knows nothing no wonder america is going to shit
Ohh My god his last smile
Aww poor old man
& 15:04 Real ones would cry to these
Yow
me in the near future with my own children
god i love the original vid so much it gets me everytime
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
Your the man that I got the I got the I got the power you make the rain but I make I make I make shower you should know I’m the one that’s in control I’ll let you come take the wheel long as you don’t forge-e-e-e-e-e-t. (  I did the song ) this took me like 15 minutes lol) get me viralllll!!))
That was all in one game
We will miss you for ever.RIP.condolence s &prayers
Please make home tour video
Yes im switching to Pixel
awww Theo
Ahhh that was ps2 game
Bro the last one was so annoying
Yall stop tweaking over the solid memes,he warned y'all
As a JW, love to hear how you view gifting and your preferences. We too prefer to give gifts on random days rather than forced or expected times
In the city centre, roadway, this song , dream boy, two wild souls meet
Montreal is going to be tough to beat
Jesus!... Ppl are so jealous they are actually making videos of the woman from wicked being a demon and that YALL goofies think sabring to be the original or better!  This world sucks balls. I'm keeping track too! Here's a good one. Black girl plays lil mermaid NOONE like HER singing either(stupid) and then they made that Disney movie about the GOOD octopus girl and the EVIL popular mermaid. Mhm. We out here on to the stupidity. Y'all knock this shit off and just enjoy the damn song.
I  will love a colab with Brusses
Name for spary ?
I have that exact same cable for the Samsung S25 ultra and I also have that same dyson real fan
Great review Marques! Just got the Neon Neo with Touch ID and 512 GB. Where did you get that yellow speckled wallpaper?
These squeeky battery powered rubber faced bots are a joke ...shows how far they need to go before they are a threat to anything
I like d way Mario shakes and welcome in the dudes
Great show , do it again please awesome
The 5th on was personal
You  made my day, dogs are the best
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
Bro that basketball shot was FIRE
Body like coffee coz tea isn’t strong enough - keep up the effort queen, going to the gym so often IS NOT easy
Don't selebrate too early
Remember when you would either need like a brace or got hurt you felt so cool
And jus like that, my favourite song got ruined
" 59 : 37 "  how the fu am i gonna watch that much
Oh by the way... I found the pan used. Magic line cake pans. You're welcome!
I want that will order 1tb of ram
If you wish to pray to God, offer your prayers to God and then confess, "I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen." If you believe in Jesus as the only Christ, you can also pray to God as "Father."
Love you you should make more videos
It's not just Ariana's bad singing it's also how awkward she is that is killing me
Can we plz take a moment to talk about this thumbnail
Wild starting off at “Chat GPT said” but I’m all ears
This guy played Willy wonka btw
Sad but true
Single sim tray ? Sir you can use two sim cards if you just flip to the other side
Get real people, the "GOAT" blackmailer is djtrump "the art of the deal" = GOAT  failure
Trump say 67 before gta6 Lmao
I only love the 4
This shit so ass sorry for new gen
I’m going to start listening to these as I do my homework. I love other people’s gossip, I have nothing going on in my life.
Ranveer Allahbadia Listening closely to this
Whenever I think I have bad dental hygiene. I just remember goblins friend and the literal holes he has in his teeth and I feel infinitely better
Also the PS4 did not come out in 2013
Number 1 is wild he use his mic say this boy
Then they say girls are complicated
Thank you for not giving up on the mgs memes I was scared for a second
Kennard's photo at the intro is stuff of nightmares  and playin while doing interview too
Luke showed why he is the sniper
Ranbir Kapoor bol rha AI hai
When Olivia slapped the girl that was making her answers l when she said it out loud her hair was like the 2016 everybody wanted
On 2:12 she got me cracking upcause she was read to dance
HOW DO YOU KEEP YOUR RIMOWAS DENT FREE AND BRAND NEW!?? Mine look homeless and I hate it
I believe half what I hear and all what I see in trump
2 cuties together
That slap can stop The boss
Thnx for 225 subscribe keep sporting guys please
Naye naye amirr just show of and promotion in every video
Bro same am also gay!  SUPPORT YA
Love the good,Jesus, and god but this is ai
Teagan was  just rocking herself
more of this tropahan viy, ang saya nyo panoorin, goodvibes lng. kulit tlga ni Pat
yt boy outta his element and got smoked
Epstein being healed in the picture?
never seen a chat filled with kids this demented...
dang bro really wants the formula so bad
I would’ve been cuddled up with the grandma prolly bricked up too
Omg
It's called Trump stupidity. All or nothing on his closed casinos right??
Long comment here Kaitlyn Clark is an example of a reverse racism. They’re not gonna let her play the same way. They’re not gonna let that driver for NASCAR, my brother drive and the definition. I have an example I have is when Puerto Rico. beat the United States for gold medal. You got Michael Jordan at the point Tim Duncan and Shaquille O’Neal under the basket and who knows maybe Dennis Rodman and Iverson on the other sides get their ass kicked by some Puerto Ricans, who weren’t allowed to even warm the bench in the NBA my advice to her start your own show because you have a strong fan base and do a Bobby Flay you can’t beat Bobby Flay one on one challenge. Your fan base is gonna love you whether you’re playing golf, announcing or whatever .To the fans of Kaitlyn Clark if you want to send your kids to college Buy a set of her endorsed shoes put the receipt in the box and put it in the closet.
The look of concern in every members faces when Namjoon revealed that he tried to drive for the first time  ohhh
spirit not making it overseas fam
I'd chose a bear to
W thumbnail btw
this is happening in India
He is hurting him self to make us laugh
Didi Maine apki video dekhi monjolika Wali usme jo apki drees par lga tha vo blood tha isliye monjolika ne apse apka blood group pucha tha aur vo jo apko avaj athi thi vo dice thi par alag type ki thi kyunki Maine suna h ki koi alag dice athi h. I hope ab apke sath esa kuch nhi ho  aur aap satark rehna
Number 2
Pleaseeeeee can we have an AO3 recs video, I’m too unemployed
not them saying woah 100xtimes
Community…. Full of Braindeads
I would have been so mad if that happened to me while I was in a break out
Your video is ranking one in search
Number 5 was than
Lots of love siya
Bro really has 99+ Stealth and 0 stars in a restricted zone. The main character energy is generational.
Drop it from 1 inch it brakes
I got money that says his name get in redacted from the list
The way the guy pushed the goalie lol
I love your friendship with snehh omg!
Ohh really
Ok nice I guess
number 5 got me dying
I always wonder what sushi is studying to be after she graduates all the work and studying looks so hard-core to my eyes
nice comedy
You guys are so funny so funny
That one cheerleader in the back is a man
Kay you can cook well , that so impressive
Dai apni guild kab join kr rahe
I feel bad they bullied him for no reason
Acharya Prashant  Please
I’m wondering what happened to Kawhi town??!! lol remember that one?? lol
2 just just made me laugh out loud
"Weather"
Nobody will talk about the fact that she said "good night...Forever-"
Sunrise alarm clock & sound machine!! (It's on TkTk) It literally feels like the sun is rising in your room! You can set it to wake you up w/ the sun rising AND birds chirping or ocean sounds! Or you can just set it to no sound & just the sun will just gradually get brighter to wake you up.
help if evelyn won both of them, then she would have eaten automatically. There was no need for Erica and Emily to do the rock, paper, scissors bc either way they will both run
Not me getting the katseye matrix ad after
Itna show off kyu krte ho tumlog ? 1 lakh wo b 1 din m udana yaha hm doctor k paas b Jane m kitni baar sochte  h ki per visit 2-3 hazar ka kharch ho hi jayega kya kre or tumlog pani ki tarah bahate ho paise or fir show off b krte ho
Me too
Elvish bhai miss u and ur vlogs
generally feel bad for him.
In paiso ke liye haum garip log tarash rahe h
I loveeee this
Maverick DiVoRcEs KiNzEy AnD mArRyS mE had me dying laughing
All of them are s tier because it meant my dad came back
Oppo added it and perfected it
What the heck this number 5 and 1
what's my favorite song
I have rhode and rare beauty blush
She’s probably homeschooled is crazy
Brazil loss because Neymar jr not Play
I like this all
Why she look like a fish
Bro it's my dream to get a pc fr im not lying bro
just saw a one minute snippet of this vlog and knew i needed to find your tiktok to follow you this is literally how my pinterest board looks!
3 is my fav and 2 and 5
OMG you are so lucky
the sniffing up the fountdation turning off my volume with this one
I guess it only counts. If you don't tell them something like this cause if you think about it, it's still illegal to plan to kill someone. So what if you literally tell them that you were there to do that, but you didn't have to what would they do, then
I don't find that funny, I am sorry, I just don't think those things were safe especially throwing that brick on the trampoline and why lift weights while jumping on the trampoline? That just crazy *not in a funny way, but extremely concerning *
What does bro mean by pg 13 things
Weres the Poppin bro
If you put # hash tag before the guests debate points it starts to make sense.
I cant move on couse my friend i'm never goining to see her
The next video youtube gave me was the same BMW with Forrest
Over dramatic
As a straight guy idk how I got here but I’m vibin hard
I really love your hairdresser
The hairstyle made you look like Msaki. it's so pretty, and it suits you.
Is Pedro envy of hers
Why is no one talking about hobi being involved in naming jungkook "golden maknae" i thought it was only namjoon  but that is so sweet tho hobi's aegi #3
You would think he would start and try to fix the Vatican first and then tell world leaders how to manage their business lol
lol I’m not saying he was right but karma from stealing from a billion dollar corporation that negatively impacts the world everyday? I feel like it’s like stealing from Walmart. They won’t miss and they’ve done worse.
Arun is not talking to himself
Report the video that is justice for laila
the girl from 19:20 -24:19 said like 40 times in only the first half   i couldnt even finish it was too much
“ONLY fifty eight dollars” me just wishing for 5
Sikiram bro na this week la one plus nord 6 eduka poren bro
NICE GOOD CONGRATULATIONS
what why is the first clip of them dancing so good
When are you going to Chicago IL
Omgg this vlog was everything
The fact how spring Bonnie was bent over was wild
how are they so chill wit it
1. IR blaster - it helps to control my AC
Feel bad for the gk he did nothing
Amazing sound
If nag babasa po kayo ng books pwede next request is  book recommendation or bookshelf tour. TIA
Woah! I didn't know that Deku had a super form.
Im miss this era sm
Xxxtentacion is the best
Lol, i did not know you could comment on ads now
The developer got a little freaky
Bro I'm being so for real my BLACK car started to make noise in her sleep 30:07
Open relationships don make person remember school
Type of sh*t bro send me at 3am
The off-key singing is upsetting my dog
What am I watching
I  YOU Farran from kefilwe from southafrica
Wow..these times are a real hot   mess!!!????....
Sana ipartner si louise kay dudut hehe
That guy is  Italian they love leftovers
First Gerd and now Thomas!
Not the Smurf guy
Omg ur hair is so cute
Them guys talking making the game worse no cap
I was going to make a pdf out of this debacle but when Texass relies on Seager& Eovaldi it gets too hard
how? the planes hurt my ears so bad tho
Like this part
Most the "unhealthy" things are the sauce & marinade so I wouldn't worry about that, but I would also have a salad on the side so what do I know?
Cam how could you I’m 4 foot 4
Yeh toh har bache ko lsgti hain
Honestly we are baddies now  because I do relate to you, the cleaning, the cooking, the intombazane ayilali emini
POV: a baby touches the Red Bull button and it orders the phone that cost $649
I just mission video
I don’t have no one to be my boyfriend
moral of the story: we need cops with down syndrome because they're honest
Just watched Shane’s take on the Civil War & WWI — hilarious, sharp, and surprisingly insightful!  Loved how history meets comedy in such a fun way!
Chris wins
M using pixel 10a and same condition  bro
So what????????
Amritsar is calling you guys... please go to AMRITSAR
yo y is Melanie in here 1:47 (luv it thoXD)
day 3 of asking for a dji osmo 3
That was tight
Imin a couple of years     ...... no try 3 months . And its coming no matter what
_one of the most humble closet tour ive watched. _
"i hate going slow" yet you keep talkinv when the story should be long done
'save the tree not the apple'ahh post
Tom.. that is premium price for most of us
Damn he ain’t have to come in hot like that lol
Woh the reverse
once I got a class with ALL of those boys, like- they would be screaming across the class throwing/stealing, when it was group work they have two groups they go into and they always put their group right next to where we always put our group so we never do our work
at this point this is my comfort video its so funny i hope they do more of this
Sa ghost planes use to actually torture me on PS2 as a kid
The first one
The way the host was just saying hmm hmm when the nurse was talking is given
Back to square
Washington state
Bro is watching something in the shower
Scientifically Impossible to Finish this challenge
Please support
I love your videos so baddd so relaxing to watch
"Wheres the burger" infront of you the meat *NOT LIKE THAT NOT LIKE THAT* is called beef not burger
Who else here just cause of the thumbnail?
Nature at its rawest  And what happens in the next encounter… even crazier
Mono Air Speaker sounds terrible!
This guy said “it’s basically the holidays,” LIKE ITS NOT CHRISTMAS EVE
Not jungkook saying he's going to make some dubai cookies tonight when jimin said  'i didn't get any' that man is so
love it
This shit
please fs25 episode 16
The first one
Ohkay so he's that officer of whom nana patekar has played the role of ...mad respect for you sir .. rest in peace to the soul of brave soldiers who sacrified their life for the nation and our people
You guys should start a mukbang channel too
He low key acts like Dexter when he gets caught being somewhere he's not supposed to be
4 is to funny
Lizard is so dancing and got out
lovely vlog
Full Vibe family
I miss the days when appliances worked better and didn't have smart features.
The scream sounds like the shooting sound
When I saw yatta dissappear I started dying
Aaaa...we put him in.aaaaaaa......brrrr....noooooo.......mmmmmmmm....he is such an irritating but valuable person    ghhrrrrr.  Aaeeeee.   Mmmmm.  Oooooo. Trrrrrr kitna paise lena hai , itna interesting baat chal ra ..aur ye hain.
You know you can fly into Palm Springs
May she rest in peace
Since you going with family am assuming you going to Nigeria
The sister said that omg
bro ran out of hungerbars
Actually he is very clever. He intentionally diverts the main issue .He knovery well that this question is very sensitive. In India there are many cases in different courts in the country against the dispute of waq of board. It is told that a section of powerful people of Muslim somaz have captured a large area of wak of land illegally for years. So a section of people requested to take step to solve this issue.
Dam I gotta work a full year for that
Lol
Before i knew Elon i never expected we think the same, but im not saying im intelligent. We just share the same point of view in Life. He's the richest on the planet whereas me is just a 20 year old college still confused,wondering,struggling and figuring how to succeed in Life . But i will never stop until ill eventually get there Oneday...
I have silicone
Miku shot him even before GTA 6
Tbh anxiety is a great song, but didn't deserve the most streamed, btw no hate
Love love that you have started to include subtitles
Vermax could i get a pc it doest have to be that good just atleast better than my chromebook im really trying to get into game but my chromebook ist the best for it. love your vids
Who tf is lil harness bro
The guy at 10:38 isss soo funny i would have genuinely done the same man i wanna be his friend
Waiting for levithan
that’s certainly _one_ substitute for a welding mask!
My fav. Game was psp gow chains of Olympus
Joe said no!!!! In the end it's all secretly Jew funded
I thought it was gonna be Shinx.
kuch or mt dabana bhai
when he muted it (don’t blame him)
Please don’t stop filming your beauty treatments it’s how I learn!
Wow so talented girl
Bitin
If you see me like that don't say why because I might go there I don't know
You are the best youtuber and i am so so excited for the Coachella vids
Don't forget to do Puja in your new flat
can u do a study with me here …I really liked this place and spot … u really helped me a lot ,seeing u studying effortlessly and waking up early motivated me and also helped me to study without overthinking and feeling anxious abt i watch your vlogs doing breakfast which keeps me productive throughout the day and whenever i fell less motivated i watch your vlogs which helps me to work with positivity thnk u so much
Love you Baby girl  when I first had you 22 hours of labor  my first born
Shashwat Sachdeva is literally cooked & fire
Bro does better then me on a mini hoop
Check out my post!
"I have a great relationship with the blacks, I've always had a great relationship with the blacks" completely shattered me
Wo to sad hoga na
Very nice cushion  colour
I love how bobby just setting himself up for the jokes
my God what’s that sound
I like your voice the are funny
Slipping on a banana peel isn’t criminal murder
They don't have mobiles or they would also be distracted
“Maybe if I slap the ball really close to the ground they’ll think I’m better”
Well it’s created by teenage engineers. I’d rather get something built by university graduate engineers
Me when my teacher asks me a math question but I wasn't paying attention
She wanna see me so bad fly overseas on spirit
I have one and I’m loving it. After about 2 months, my honest review: The battery may be smaller but I have limited the battery to charge to 90% but still get full day use on it. The screen is larger than the standard 17, the camera is still great for everyday use. However sometimes where you want that wide angle shot you cant get it. You can work around it with using the upgraded wide selfie camera for wide shots you just not going to see the photo until it’s taken
Mac: bro I’m dead  (biologically speaking I am, in fact, alive. However, to emphasize how hilarious I found this, I made a hyperbolic statement saying that I was dead because it implies that I found this video so funny I ceased to live. However, I am indeed alive and well so there is no need for you all to worry. I was simply employing the tactics c of figurative language in order to better and more effectively communicate my message. Additionally, using slang and sayings commonly employed by the youth has made my message more understandable and reachable by the younger generation, many of whom are in this chat. For example, I could have said "that video was a real knee slapper". This would have made sense to some of the older people in this chat as knee slapping used to be a sign of hilarity. However, in this digital age in which we now live, knee slapping is not as common and many of today's youth may not understand the reference. I therefore made my message more understandable to younger people through my use of simple, easily understood slang. I hope this clears everything up, and I appreciate any concern that I was actually dead. I can assure you I am alive and well. Credit to punchy on tiktok btw
Even in the thumbnail AJ is laughing..
Girl I think you should het Pepsi to partner with you. Imagine the collaborations
Glyphs were really cool
App ro kyu Rahe ho
watching this as I'm single asf cuz at this point I'm just gonna die alone bruh
The lady popping the ball is a psycho
Yay, good news!!. We are all fed a narrative of division and separation that just isn't true. The world is full of the most wonderful people fighting for the good of all life. Thank you for bringing this to us, I'm sure there are a lot of us who truly appreciate the positive vibes
It's six seventeen p m
My dream phn
Kinda wish to be like you living my life in nyc away from my hometown ,i want a reset fr
Halleujah!!..Where is the conservative believers Wisdom and sense of Fun
listen to this kind off acoustic music..make me so relaxing...
Di you are so cute
Muncy catching fire
What a breath of fresh, non-horrific air! I'm so glad at least one country is banning octopus farming. Octopuses are incredibly intelligent and that would be like farming 8 year olds
4 should be number 1
service of this is
Before they used to roast real kpop and now imaginary kpop are also insulted
Such a cute vlog loved it
Hi! I have a question. Among Google Pixel 10a, Redmi Note 15 Pro+, Edge 60 Pro, Galaxy A56, OPPO Reno14, or OnePlus Nord 5, considering they're all free, which one would you choose?  Thanks!
Google tells me that they did a DNA test and confirmed the boy they found was not Ryker Web, but actually a different boy well in that case would actually happen to Ryker Webb
My dumbahh was tryna read the actual words backwards
Watching Dhurandhar 2 in Elante Mall Man What a experience
2026 here anyone???
i cant listen to ts no more bro overplayed it
Your not chubby enough to be dandy though
What did I just watch dude I swear I would see this wen I was like 6 on kids youtube . Dude kids youtube was not safe at all .
This came at the right time. I’ve just come back from Ethiopia. My best friend got married and I’m already missing the country. I’m more than ready to go back. But I’ll settle for this vlog until I return
nah this is actually ridiculous
Bro Ian rocks is at the BACK
Also what videos would you like me to make in the future?
Best  muzic in The aura Word
“A ghost starts answering their questions”
Cam what’s wrong with you? Because you’re stupidly crazy.
Put the silver rings of the 24 on the 25 it looks much better
My phone was at 70 and now it’s 3
thats what happened to my mum but she died luckily i have my step mum but shes not the same as my mum
emily’s crash outs are always valid  i would crash out too
Antonio's "Wi-Fi was lagging" (20:02-20:05) and answering 36 in English class is a classic.
Dude where are you now all meme 2025/26 is coming where are you now
Only team can beat and undertaken ie Man united
Tf is this batch bro
After some years they will be blaming someone force them like many others say when they regret or bring up some new excuses and they would say they will do something genuine with the onlyfans money which they earn thought this kind of shameless money and live a normal life
great.listen and be happy
Their free-throw
But the mouse looks good
As a white I feel underrepresented
at this point the birds just HATE him
craziest visuals oat holy fuck
Can you please buy me a PC PLS I play games on my laptop and school work It lags my whole game Please buy me a pc PLS PLS
just image their prime.responsiblities hits
Always be honest.  That's why we like you Theo.
The plastic build
The third girl. My name is Katie and we were hanging out,jk my name is just Katie lol wish!!!!!
dude the sheer amount of times droid has almost died is insane. from a firework blowing up in his face to appendagitis and now this
the only reason I go es just to pass school
Thank you for putting more smiles  on our faces
Guys can you help me with cupcut  l am a bigginer help me if you can
my favorite video on YouTube LETS GO DODGERS LETS GO gives me chills still need that 3 peat
That baby
Travel vlog with Hubby
I having nightmares
fr they try to be cool like
Finnaly found this vid after years of
10 kilos of muscle in 3 weeks
what happened to bros outfit
I like how friendly and entertaining you can be to ur team
Hope you have the best time ever!!
Watching this video a second time I see "Claire Saffitz - food processor expert" in the intro
So asmr i was wishing to do a bethroom restork
Wtf is going on with Joe’s posture lately
got me in real tears
Bro has so many problems
Hair is gorgeous Victory!!!! and it grows so fast, you’re blessed
The name of The first video
Wholesome family   Amazing positive
Arsenal luck
What did bro play at the start
Iskolo sindibambe down but I’m on a study break so I decided to tune in
Yes you should make a part two I am a huge fan of yours love you guys
Love when gay guys gives us tips about meat
At the end of the day we can all agree Chandler did the most for the team since he has the most experience and has better knowledge of the game
Those are my brother's
I'll take Manhattan, flaws and all.
Me the broke one am quiet
What a Comeback Nlex
Is the straight fighting war with them let them come out and fight
Dude no hate but stop this unnecessary showoff be like your sister she is so down to earth because of her you got famous so be gentle
I played freeze tag yesterday after a long time lol
Why dose he sound like Joe and American dad
OMG. I have a tape worm… i love so much celery since like 2 years!
Can you giveaway that 100 dollar PC
This guy's clearly never heard of the Nvidia shield because I've been able to play steam games (beta software was better though as you could play anything) on a Android box since 2019 and people who knew about the older version had been enjoying since like what 2013
"my phone is now bricked"
The fuck is Charlie on about
3rd one is
Please share this beautiful song, and let everyone enjoy it
The betrayal
Good for kids
Beautiful music, I’m drinking coffee and reminiscing about Paris, which my husband and I visited in 1992. My husband is in heaven, but the memories remain.
What about the officer that said that he helped him escape and then end up
I really love and admire your content raj sir
Puzzle is not bad but try carrom board, Ludo....and ...some other games it will be more fun ...you can shoot it also. ...mtlb mjaa aaiga na ...ludo mae koun kisko hraa rha ...try naa. Yrr ek baar
Caseoh tweaking over this game has me crynin yo
The 3rd wanted to be a edit
Who's here in 2026 waiting for summer
You're supposed to use the ball to bounce his away
Where were these so called journalists when the regime was killing Iranian people? Lyse Doucet is taken by Iranian IRGC to the places they want her to be and tell her what to say and what not to say. Really shameful. I believe she has received order of Canada for journalism integrity. . It is really funny. Everything has become meaningless in this world.
Bruh not the L4D stalker sound
The meaning. Of. Life :  LOVE
tf is sykuno doing in my atari short bro
Im in filipino
As a Indian Muslim, Honestly speaking Quran and Islam is agains Killing of innocents and these kind of propaganda. Hoors and jannath is for those who have done good things in this world, they’re all brainwashed by some so called scholars. They’ve killed a lot of innocents they think they can get a jannath? Allah has made a speacial place in a hell for them .
“Slot, if you truly care about Liverpool, you should step down today.”
Am here in 2026 enjoying the music while making wigs in my room
honestly i could imagine droid in a blue cop costume on a discord call telling his friends to remember him if he don’t make it
I saw this and thought it said harper is back and instantly clicked
Eww wath the heck
Tell trump(dump)this I hope Donald dump gets fired,oh and he’s not lord,idc if ur president it dosnt make u special or better than others,he needs to stop being so rude to people who are dying in the warik what ur gonna say,ur gonna say “so what,it’s not my problem”uh yea it is my guy,ur THE president of USA,if u don’t stop doing these things ur gonna get kicked out of office,the government will handle this, and let’s stop the madness and stop this war NOW,u do realize that th3 government will get u out of office and trump if ur reading this im the judge im in court now ur out of office
“Ok just one last short….” The last short
Why is nobody talking about the blue guy in the thumbnail looks like Smurf cat
If I was a man, I would this more
Coach must be really mad
Can I have it pls i just have a phone
Using this phobk when playing ML makes me strong
"Diddy come on out!" caught me off guard
You Americans have the power in your vote, you can change this madness, you are the majority. The world supports you!! YES YOU CAN
Love the story about the "old chellas"!!! Thank you Whit!!  Have a good weekend.
you guys didn’t you know him from “love hangover “song.He collabed with Jennie.Take a look to that song.its so good.
3 is using auto tune
#3 is the brother of ‘SPIRITS, WAKE UPPP!’
Sometimes I look in the mirror, say you so dope, boy you need a cartel stamp
Time to unsubscribe and take a million subs with me
Kids these days tryna grow up & be lil tay when they older
I feel bad for her 37:7
Handsome padosi crying in the corner
Me when I saw this*gets fake glasses* “erm is that BLLLLL I see?!”
did he say his life's an opera DAMN
These are my last words there’s a killer that is about to
Love the fact that both these young men spend so much time with parents and give importance to whole family time else many young men neglect their parents and spend time with their friends socializing, clubbing and partying only or spend one on one time with their girlfriend or partner only most of the time, leaving their parents aside. So it feels so good seeing family constantly bonding together and they always having fun times together with each other.. God bless you all
not funny
These kids are good, but the grandfather/granddaughter team ( or so they appear to me) has them beat 10 times over. They truly have it ON!! More, please.
The fourth one is
I love the old man dancing
Can't deny Veeze  been in his bag since day one, but that HIPVIEWS DAWT CAWM boost is on another level! Dude’s literally unstoppable now.
When u get there, u will understand, you won't be nothing but something.
“Birds aren’t real bees are” right off the bat is crazy work
That one tagger would say “this is sooo unfair! I don’t wanna play anymore!”
Salish be packing her bags on this one
You guys have slaves spirits rooming they are buried  close by believe me
Love you Baby girl  when I first had you 22 hours of labor  my first born
My phone has been on silent since 2014 and I put vintage grain filters on all of my pictures so neither of those things concern me
Hey my mom my papa and dad died also I am adopted
My name is yasha
What a lovely game
Yeah, I'm Vibing a big plane is going to crash. Is 5:56?\n PM. I ben Vibing it for ten minutes now
Honestly adding the girl in the video ruined the mood
Poppy flower gameplay?
Are all singers this short? Or are these comedian actresses this tall? I've only seen this same sketch with Sabrina before, but she's known for being short and sweet
i’m 9 years old but now im  dead so byeeeee
love from papua New Guinea
the: NICK WILKINS WHO????- got me crying and i fell off of my chair
LOLOL, not the door slamming shut as she takes the package
I didn’t even leaved a smile bro
Ab sab logo ka kya opinion hai is gun k baare mein
And they made the sock as well like a few months back,
Curse of celebrate too early before final whistle
Stop spilling it but its still ASMrrRrrRrRrR I have those pumpkin candy corn. I want them for a prize at school I’m sorry. Did you get those Punkin pie M&M’s those look good
Roblox I don’t wanna download please delete the download please I didn’t do anything bad please
Nahhh that laugh was from the airport
Counting how many times Kirah says matcha… 21 and counting.
Dad why did u pay him
Solid win for the Lakers. Luke Kennard is my guy
Sold my iPhone 14 Pro 512 GB to get the air and it’s amazing
Ive never heard her cuss before
they took red Vented to seriously
The man on blue at the end, asking you to walk again so you can get a better shot is so cute
Is that Jeffery he’s saving????
The fact that kate said that the boys cry and cash was crying a few episodes ago because kate left
Mahn I just love your creativity in everything feom music production to video production.. Every song is unique on itself... Big up Matata
it’s so funny. I can’t even like talk. She made me choke on my 7-Up. My heart hurts of it from choking.
More blessings to come
Makes me think of the Teletubbies!
Thankyou. Thankyou. I needed that.
Here after the friendship ending…
Whats up with al this d3th thr3ts to that phone over here....
So a trillionaire has a problem with S.S. and illegals this guy is a j**off 100% he can do partial derivatives d/dxy i can too. Yet he sees his fellow humans as parasites to a system he benefits from corporate greed
LMAO the way evelyn dances is so funni  im crying
Girls eyes on him
that little girl does NOT know what a two man is
How I wish I could here this amazing voice
Who else is seeing this 2 years later
Watching from my Casio ultra mega watts  pro max  fully paid
Oh the memories
Going to the a must
Can we please go back in the morning
dis on sum different shi
Perfect all unboxing wow Amazing
reason number 19 on why I never wanna be a teacher even though I love kids
Trump's order of opening the strait of Hormuz for all ships except Iran's, what an order?
Not even a splash. Bro just phased right through the water like it isn't even there
Can yo make one with grwm (KLAIRE’S version) plz
Why is this literally my dad
It basically passed already
Someone pllsssss find the tiktok of the 123 guys plss guys do this for mee I need them
Houston and ref just gave Lakers this game one but at the end of this series it's gonna be a gentleman's sweep. Rockets at 5
what are you doing Time the TV did I want to play station 5 that's why I want my name is Amy East 54 old I want it old
I love those guys
Heavy on Zulu girls being domesticated,cause tell me why we don’t sit down our mothers are so wrong for that
After losing his mighty rapier, the swordsman settle for a quiet life as a cook.
The second girls are putting up with this pretty well i would dieee also i thought they were talking about back then until she said we have permission right now to be in each other’s rooms
I'm  trying to do try not to laugh u ahhhhhh
hey baby girl  what I would say to 3
No body getting the white  I had to show it some love frfr.
kirah your videos only get better and better  thank you for sharing with us and taking us along!!
Really seamless?
Also I love these kinds of videos. Lots of love from here
Jazz was this bad
Yeah for just you add a wife and a kid I bet it won’t last that long
Come on my man, that pannel app was dog shite and you KNOW it
and the blue jays do what to the twins???
Creator name of the last meme bro
We got 8 exit movies,now we got backroom movie this is peak
Sir has no understanding of real Islam. Because true Islam does not exist in the UAE, Qatar, or Indonesia. True Islam is found in Saudi Arabia, Iran, Afghanistan, Somalia, Pakistan, and Bangladesh. This is because devout Muslims do not even consider the people of the UAE, Qatar, or Tajikistan as real Muslims. They see them as agents of the disbelievers. If Sir were born in Bangladesh, Saudi Arabia, or Iran, he would have known this from regular religious people. Sir is definitely learning about Islam from ChatGPT. He hasn’t read any Islamic books. Because ChatGPT always highlights only the positive sides of religion.I know because l am Bangladeshi ex Muslim.
Driving sounds were composed by Hein Ziemmer  bruh got me
Pain me say this fine boy nor find love dat first guy desire love
I have an in n out in my town here in California
Where is deadmou5 strobe
It's perfect perfect Everything
Tool guys cry here
Jab puzzle start Kiya to windows ne light thi but jab puzzle finish Kiya andhera tha window per. I want to know kitna time laga puzzle complete karne me. Plz batana
kd is in james payroll
Why we getting this 2 years later
You Are So Beautiful . I was struggling to hear you bc of that
If you guys see this I have a request for you guys to do on a  YouTube video try playing Minecraft and see how that goes
the 4 hour uber is insane  i could not
Those who wanna crack lucy loud
I sung it in one breath
damn this was already 5 years ago
i'll never forget when i got banned from this dude's server for making fun of Hazbin Hotel
My mother is literally a witch
2025 really in the trenches
An he face
"Hey guys, my name is not Forrest"
This is why these boys get paid the big bites to entertain us and to win the cup for their city. Thank you for posting the best for us to see cheers
So real
I don’t know how to explain this but I think it’s a good idea to make sure that you have a
Boa Hancock and brook
Jin cheated on tuna
But I m always waiting samantha movie
Let's not judge people from afar without getting to know them
Binod Sigma and aloo khaoge
Bollywood kids be like : tukka
king london
What’s the main idea  cracked me up , I would of said you
What those the last one mean
Handwash bhi nahi kiye piyush ne chi .anyways piyush I need u for this task
No way bro didny put my retro ball team wining there 10th superball
Do your best to be USEFUL.
I smiled so hard I literally pooped myself
They Do!!!!!
Just get the Macbook Neo
The first guy "i know im aging but goddamn".Not a granny she can die from a heart attack
Can you give me real samsung s25 ultra for free i need that phone but not able to afford it
Uhhh " Michael Jordan" that's to funny
So fires  i love mine been a great phone
​@SmallLaude baka sakali po makahingi skin care hehe
Probably getting authorities on that last one
day 4 of asking for a dji osmo 3
Seems to disappoint banging ass song and video
I'm a summer so much
Not to be rude or anything.. but the first girl when she puts the hair clips on, she looks like she’s wearing a George Washington wig
Guys can you like  my comment I have never had coments
Archana please send me some mangoes… it’s been ages I haven’t had good sweet mangoes  Seeing you all having mangoes I wanted to have it too…. I’m feeling jealous
All the things you said was horrid, but immaturity and conditioning from people older than u was also part of the reason u did that. I trust u grew up and realized what u did was bad, i hope u become a better person and love yourself.
Very nice, love all the red, even the guy is a redhead  this video is hot
Yeah, it's my ring tone!
apple in the future: here's our magsafe magic mouse
sounds like cat when she’s high
Anna enoda epic games library la lot of games claim la irukku but atha use panna mudiyala on mobiles, i tryed in many mobiles with same account please  upload seperate video for mobile anna
3 was funny
Awesome video as always. I really love your aesthetics and overall taste.
RM still doesn't drive? Yea he's never getting that driver's licence
I’m wating for episode drop
sad the song was made by an AI
I love the last one bc I'm a Sleepyhugs shipper
Bro Really Forgot The Granny
love it
Yo what was that kid on
The Iranians are upset with the US blockade so the reinstitute their own blockade?
Israel pushed us into it? You’re the girl that says the next morning “I was drunk”  pathetic
Did you know that sagawa it's dead
What?\nYou doing right now
Nah that first one a lil too relatable
It. Says. Hallooooooooooooo.
Hopeless Trump!!
Like this video! Thanks
I bet his dentist is on his case
It took them HOW long to realize this?
These people are getting paid by Iranians Regime want to stop the War
@1.43 check bros hard drives after that comment
real we never egt to do this anymore
You're concerning
Okay but why is the girl with the blonde hair and the black shirt trying to control who her boyfriend follows on Facebook
I heard hey babe, David not gonna lié you and megan Should be datin RN ok also good video
This is experience of masterpiece direction
I never that Maverick would do that. What a good person.
Iran shuts down hormuz
Happened to me the other day, was wearing the worst shit imaginable, looking into my phone then the most gorgeous girl ever sits slightly across from me on the bench I was sitting on. She had like two colored hair, you know striped two colored hair. The most tuff fit you could think of and she seemed so nice too. AHH but no she was probably older than me so whether I had a tuff fit on or not, I probably wouldn't talk to her...
Wait the grocessy is 100$ ??????? I live in France, our price is also pretty expensive but in us ??? It’s an other level
is that joe rogan? got me rolling on the floor
they are not super long at all!
The microphone was above your head... You were pointing at a speaker.
Carter has the best energy  I love him !!!!
Suspect of smuggling
ANG SARAP MAGING MAYAMAN OR KAHIT ISA NALANG AKO SA NANNY NI MADAM LAUDE
Her hair is flowing back, it seems shes not alive in the picture at all
All fake news no headlines
What song is this ??
Watching your videos is like selfcare for me
Chris delia and Theo von are The two  funniest podcasters in my opinion I don't really like their stand up but them in podcast form is bar none GOATS(PODCAST WISE) Just the speed in the jokes that they come with and the people that they shoot this s*** with and then dying laughing makes everything not much better however with that being said the way you feel Vaughn did Chris delia was dirty
Last story is crazy because the dad was in the wrong but then also why are middle schoolers wearing makeup?? Why is sooo many kids nowadays dressing / acting like grown adults? Why are kids not being KIDS??? I know I probably sound old but seeing elementary schoolers and middle schoolers shopping at Ulta and Sephora is appalling. Please enjoy your childhood don’t grow up to fast you will regret it.
The look on Westbrook's face
Your skin looks absolutely amazing it’s even and glowy please I need your secrets
And that guy has the world record for the most dribbles in a second
The drink in his nose  was funny
Not the thumbnail
Ive never seen a film like this trigger so many people, and have them all either imagine a version that features only them, project onto it all their personal agendas they want to see people care about as much as they care about Black Americans, whine about how much they supposedly didnt like it, crashout because it won some awards, or fantasize people didnt love it for good reason This was a phenomenal film, well worrh the hype, and a great dive into the fabric of America.
Apple towel was my faite
I had headphones on and got scared by Yoongi's cough
Where are the people where they say they wanted a goth girl compilation
Hopeful that you find people with good hearts and intentions. Your story of fears of being heart  hurt  touched very old man like me. You are so young and never feel less. You deserve the best life has to offer. May goodness and mercy follow you all the days of your life.
Yucca Valley, Kirah I can’t believe you were out here. I live in La Quinta California five minutes before you get to Indio where I was born. That’s where Coachella takes place anyways I hope you have a great time out here in the Desert, my little Sister. Have fun and be safe.
this mans had no idea what the iPhone 17 Pro would hit us with
Thalaivi is back
You can come i and the house is a little better be there in a t for
Love you Baby girl  when I first had you 22 hours of labor  my first born
And it steals all your info…
Handsome sengun
I like music I have my friends sir Philippine your country is everything good I'm from Nepal
Job applications fear this man
sooo easy
Lmaooooo they don’t know wetin open relationship be
My dad will kill me if I said any of those wait no no no no aaaaa why dad why are you listening to my shorts on YouTube why
Adela Bad angel thech Schwanensee nur als Tipp love Deine rapp Adela
I hear speed saying THATS TO EZ lol
Sir I got a copyright strike from your channel which will make this channel removed in a week sir im a single mother sir please remove the strike and I'll never repeat my mistake
It's a meal per pack for me
From Find X3 to X9 Ultra, can’t wait! Best camera phone on the planet. I also have an iPhone 17promax as a backup phone
Iniu is not an Amazon brand
Bro im reading this coments like a book
Just grab the ball it aint even moving
Dhurandhar song is very important
Bro y’all say somethin funny
If 1700$ is mid-range, I need the Poor plus ultra-range option.
The remixes people created off this song have created is just
Bro stop the GLAZE
bhai kaka is not a meme respect his talent
Beautiful moment. Morning Sunday coffee for me  Thank you for this nice gift. May this gentle music bring you peace, quietude and love, wherever you are in this turbulent world  Greetings from douce France
Song is beautifully choreographed and everyone is natural and beautiful and the only one who is looking odd in them is samantha. I don't know why she is chosen for this movie, I think it's only because she has market.
Dont trust iran
I love how it sinics with the video
Messi thinking he’s tuff whilst playing in the fucking mls
That end was crazy
Home workout after brekup attendance here
Where is from the first top in the clip ?
His number was going to go to get a little bit more fun  I love it but she was going out and she will get her to get a little better but I don't think so we are in our room
this is just so stupid
its time to say bye google pixel
So hilarious!! God Bless , truly!!
I purchased this this litrly good broo
I can't stop laughing
Brooo little kids are see this and say daddy what does this mean
£1000000 for the doctors
My wife refuses to buy me any games, even when I give her a birthday or Christmas wish list .
Super secret magic words  Mikey makey boo bah boo
That's funnier than booby mum hahahahaaaaa ur sooooo mean that's ur skin cooler  bad guys looooool
"His chin served on a platter"  who is that lady
The last one
My moms never suicidal and when I opened up to her she was like I should be the one to kill my self
How it feels finally accepting the MGS memes have finally gone INVISIBLE
Simon's celebration was so embarrassing
Who's here after the member release their hoodie X GAP
the ad bro
Yeah for me iphone 17 is the best phone
Which product is this, again and again scratching
Love this vlog.. great choice of destination, a place that enriched my soul. Heard so much of the gorgeous Palawan..felt like I’ve been there now. Thanks Ms Small. Always enjoyed watching you, family n friends vlogs.
Whoa
Thank you for the news update coleen Christy
I like the feast better
When you are feeling down come to this comment, tell me your struggles if u want, i won't judge, just remember there is always someone out their that loves you even if u cant see it, to someone out there you are their sun, you are loved , its fine to cry, just remember that you can vent here.
One of the filthiest rookie of the year high lights can’t lie  jazz fan here
Omg that was so funny
one thing that could make this better.... stop making music
by who
I know bro is getting no spam callers on that prehistoric artifact
The last one, I was betting on duke fishron
What has gone wrong with utube
It sofunmy
The way he puff that blunt so tuff
How is joe a comedian and not follow what Harland is doing
Can't tell if the crowd said oooh or boom
Enjoy perimer league next season new league
Holy mage mind she is the sister of ksi
Managot daw?
Without Neymar  Brazil can’t make big difference?
(Day 17) of making my channel to be popular from only comments
I just saw this movie and now I understand why he won the oscar
I dont like how the flash is circular
She looked so concerned on some of them
The last one is actually true
I made cry for her kid she's are person too
Nmbr 1 my friend Will
3 thrilling Grand Prix?! They got to you too
Aston Martin F1 phone ima get this I swear on my life…
Thats my name bro
I call bullshit on this dude. Police helped him...yeah right
Having Walter as you chemistry teacher would be lit
My friends be like
Nothing can do cmf phone bezzle small
Lmao, they closed the straight, and we can't open it. So now we are closing it, lmao. Makes no sense someone is lying and has been maybe we we figure it out.
Knee surgery? In the big '26?
KC ready for relegation to MLS Next
Andrew is also in there
Yay another video for my sunday routine have a good week lani
SLOT, You OUT Please
i got fucking scared
Can i have the mackbook? i have an hp but the the old one like a couple gens behind and its low gb and i cant afford one im in jamaica so
Not the 4th of labubu having tits
I'm so sad tok tok is deleting tomorrow
Only the ppl who do those sports know
funny
I love how they made Darius the miner
Kaydens brother
Seraph and Roman are the best couple  sorry melo
He teaches psychology in a best way.
Apo anda comments meant really true na.... You have changed..... Money may come and go. But happiness and satisfaction.. 300 cr vangura periya actor eh money important illa. Happiness dan important nu irukanga. I hope you understand . Our wish ithu... Nee kandipa pananum.... Watch your old interview for God sake. And see who you were. Do good for others. Help others. Even a little  bit meant by your heart. You will receive abundance in return. Be kind. Be good. Behave well.
Ithink chandler is noob
Just let the sun explode already
I think hockey goalies are pretty much 100% luck and 100% skill on knowing which direction to go
How this Is even legal?
Bro look up
THE LAST ONE
One thing about Kay she will genuinely cater for her guests
hahaha ref definitely went to that school or has family that did he had hand on flag as soon as my boy caught the ball hahaha
Guys make him see this comment  pls
Starting my spy surveillance after school hobby. I know its not fun observing while being obseved  jesus guys
why am i addicted to these kind of videosssss
The first guy lord have mercy on me
Underrated channel, you earned a sub, and keep up all the good work
Not hating but old song of kishore kumar better  NOT HATING  I ALSO LISTEN SOME PHONK
The police so slow I gave up on the video
Im coming back in 2027 to see how many likes i get
AJ class act
I wish I was this dedicated
He uses Copilot when he codes. I thought he was a genius
si chef talaga
51 goals for Caulfeild and 100 points for Suzuki
You must try ukoy that made in cassava aga
I took my first I phone at it was 17 by far I think it’s best
That's not a russian in the team that's Null in the team
That kid is now forgotten
Love it
I like everything about this phone but the one speaker really is a deal breaker. BTW the phone is only 12 grams lighter than iPhone 17 and yet you give up a better camera system, speakers and battery life. That’s just too much to give up just for thinness. As much as I wanted to like this phone it has to go.
I love how you use the old glossy effect :)
1:How she Walks it killing me
Wait are they at Mexican wtf
Fun fact, Despacito was my favourite song in kindergarten
Jamaica  Jamaica  full time we get our own Burn Equipment to save people lifes,this don't look good no sah, can you imagine you have two burns bodies to bury in this hard time God a God still
When Harper snapped her finger that got me cracking up love you, Harper
The girl who was singing looked like fucking golem
The third one is fineee
If only technoblade was alive to join
After so many days,AAAP ka family with the same laughter,spending time,chilling together...
I’ve just finnished my cinnamon buns and they are absolutely delicious but i used bread flour! Thank you Claire!!! Your the best for explaining! Sooo good!!
Release angel of death mukrid sence song
Batau naa didi horror story of old flat
The fifth and the fourth got me rolling
God (Heavenly Father) sent his only son (Jesus Christ) to the world to save us, Jesus Christ grew up a sinless life and began to preach the good news (which is about God), He did many miracles: He healed the sick, lame, blind, deaf, and more. He even cast out demons and raised people from the dead. But people hated him especially Pharisees and Sadducees because they think that Jesus is blaspheming and that He was an evil man. And they decided to crucify Jesus on the cross and Jesus Christ didn't argue but accepted it. So He was slashed, persecuted, spitted on the face, and people mocked Him. He did this for YOU. Jesus Christ carried the heavy cross, got nailed to the cross, and died there. Yet even those people who are persecuting him, He forgave them. On the third day, He rose from the dead and ascended up to heaven 40 days later. After Jesus defeated satan: Thus doesn't mean we can just sin and live freely whatever we want to. Remember that we were supposed to have faith in God and not to follow worldly things. And that sin SEPERATES us from God. God bless you
some of these seem so made up but its so good so i dont care at all
This jawn so hard
Only 2TB? Man I admire that 80 gigs I have left
What happened
absolutely not $50 is like half my grocery budget and so far all i’d have is beef. you need bread, eggs, and milk and shit too you gonna be spending $200 on food
I used to think dandy was scary now his like a baby
like all these are cute but like you know bro y'all think you're cute all the time like we already talked to y'all do this turkey and stuff y'all think boys don't like that no no no no no no no no no no no no no
why is this so perfect tho
Why the 4 is horrible but funny
Tonde bhai hame aapke sath game khelna he me india surver chhor kor nepal surver me aapke sath game khelna chata hu subscriber hu me aapka please hame vi game lena please tonde vai
were are you from?.
Smeowuggle goods across the border
You ArE sUcH an AsSHoLe 4+ Ruth me dying
The fire   from  bee.   F####!
I was NOT expecting that at #1
One thing .. the song so sexy been listening on loop
Mac miller in the background
Trump has time to text Joe Rogan??
Ah Yep takes ya back to the Days off Yesteryear, an @ least 90% knew how to Burn up The Dance Floors compared to sum of todays people, not Only that  The Nightclubs Don't play music like they did Yesteryear all they play is doosh doosh ah yep musoff Yesteryear it was rather Cool Music ya cld get up an Actually enjoy dancing to
People go crazy On beats
I was never interested in iPhone except when iPhone 17 came out  it's seems so good tbh.
Bro have NASA PC
He was way too op bro
Bro is actually so awesome I came even make a door
New subscriber i just wanted you to know that you inspire me  and is being qn influencer your only income
Gas stations just gave up charging us coz they so high
He was my childhood
Try a Redmi or a poco Phone and then lets Talk about Budget phones and their good value again.
Majak se hatkee
The first vid NO SHOES? WTH ARE WRONG WITH PARENTS
One two puppygo
Khan sir ,an intellectual person of India
This was
W teacher
I got attracted to the wink
That last advise was pretty wholesome.
Bro's boutta see the top of wall of flesh with this one
Obsessed with every song of dhurandhar
Bro said um when he asked 2+2
Meanwhile *Binod* trend
BAHAHA I CANT STOP LAUGHING
I love whatever is wrong with erica
The voice is so cute
Getting pushed in the cart was THE coolest thing to be seen doing back in the dayand i would always pretend that my moms phone was mine..!
People are being so mean
Chinese luxury brands have way more tech than this
This women is toooooo hot like hot
Now infinix is cooking
Wow nice to see you dear take care of your health eat less oily food and more addicted to house food only
Baseball my favorite game
Bro said. These aren’t the type of people we really need to worry about. But minutes later we findout they put a hit out on his, and JJ’s heads sounds like they’re a big bigger scale than we’re letting on … just stay safe out there Paul
Had souch fun watching the vlogArchi with her charm and exhuberenceParmeet Sethis daruwala pj
The Final Part: WTF
Jesus what is this
How and why would Hezboiranhammas want or strive for PEACE?  It's against the very fabric of Islam
I love everything about it ... no words
Well, you, this and his personal account to his relationships are not fairytales or your business to put him on front street and puts you in the category of the sons and daughters of perdition, meaning of the devil and it's written do not be unequally yoked together, therefore, being that he's supposed to be a man like you supposingly? He like yourself should have made your calling and elections sure unto Salvation with God first. 1CORINTHIANS 1:25 The foolishness of God is wiser than human wisdom, and the weakness of God is stronger than human strength. Matthew 6:33 But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you. Acts 2:37 Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do? Now do him , you or them have more power than O'Lucifer and how great his ending will be casted into the Lake of  Fire  along with others who looks at this as what  Well, for sure, that's not good for society to hear about and not good for the spirit knowing the soul could end in the bottomless Pit " The Lake of Fire
Bro those who remember habs in 2021 with Carey price but sadly he got injured in 2022
Let me get this straight iPad os 26 destroyed the user experience. It’s laggy glitchy and just not as responsive as iPad OS 18. My friends have updated their iPads are now regretting every day. I am still on iPad os 18 loving it  it’s so smooth that ios 26 is nowhere near .
Same here, guthli kaun chodta tha, ghar mein i used to cut mangies n i would leave a bit more on the guthli coz i always ate the guthlis, n mango is always unlimited.
ngl why does dalmingo kinda look like tyler vitelli (sorry if i spelt their names wrong)
That's a work of art, I can't stop looking at it!
Tw dandy just slow than dyle
This is 100% the most inspired I've ever been!
Overstimulated but inspired
You told last time that Blackpink video is coming but still not
Bro, that dude is 2 years older than me, and I don't even make my own money yet
The baby in 1 sec
Where is everyone listening 2026./ April 18 .. night
Is just me or where the first 2 AI
please get on the ground so I can beat you
That is stupid
I was watching your vlog and girl! I'm obsessed with your vlogs and the fact that you answer all of the comments is my favorite
The lady on black top at the middle Dey vex me fr, sense she no get at all
Early birds let's mark attendance
Hey chandler can I pls have a gaming setup i really love you videos and it's really supporting me so if you can take this unto consideration please do thank you so much for your hard work my setup is a 5-4year old yellow nintendo switch that gets 2 fps on fortnite please respond if yes
imagine you have a expensive screen protector on there and he without asking rips that shit off and slaps a piece of shit $5 screen protector on and acts like he did you a favor
These thumbnails are top tier. I laugh before clicking the vids
that rabbit is not human bro
The age difference...
I thought bro was holding a black pen on the cover
Naw buddy you failed  just kidding
The last one
My dumb ahh thought the Spanish one said "my son is learning to speak Fish"
Wow it is so awesome
Why are you still with your mom?
Glisten is so cooked
Modern games are bad anyways so.
His daughters had a magical upbringing
5th was dope
None of these are funny
The thumbnail
Harry Potter? Is that you?
My wife had 17 over 17 pro because of the color purple
How old r u anyways!?
Number 2 bro
My cat died and the song that I always played was die with a smile
Lamello better be happy he ant have to compete with bro ass for rookie of the year
What are those gremlins looking ahh demons
Are u ok u haven’t been posting are ok alright
Welcome to tf2
Diddy was literally excited
Lol that girl on vacation not knowing what those noises were and her mom saying “it’s the heat”  lol what? It’s most likely crickets and cicadas making those noises btw.
I wanna do this, so bad, I just need to wait for the glow up
This I a good  video
Please activate the download side for us I gonna rewatch anytime needed
Let's get something right by definitions is that probability in it doesn't carry the facts but does give answers and maybe very well true but it isn't enough to qualify to even say it's out is deterministic until deterministic tells you it is by definitions my friend all truth's can and only by the definitions and meanings in a dictionary can tell you the truth...
Just wait… it’s coming.
Dune will return in avengers doomsday
Goonstroworld
Fin
Can someone explain to me why in the last vid they seem so happy? (Not hating just asking)
I'm sorry but the toddler launching the plate off the table as they were falling had me in tears (signed, a toddler mom lmao)
Saw a comment on your yt channel, you are showing over attitude and you are such a show off girl when a preson recently met you said  this. This is not the first time, I'm seeing these type of comments on you like this. I know you have said in interviews that veetla silent ah irupen and work la, veliya Jolly ah irupen nu. I believe this is you after Adulting. But what happened to the og... Like  wht happened to your core principles. You said I will treat everyone equal. Will not speak back of others, suthi orukuravangala happy ah vechipen? These are your core. Sivaangi na sweet, kind, loving.... These are words describe you. Mainly tamil people love lam easy ah yarukum kedikadhu. Intha people dan unaku support panuvanga. U have a good market in tamil. You are going to have a good market in malayalam also. Suppose  oru own concert onu pana pora, tickets vanga porathu yaru?. Unna pathavanga.... Nama sivaangi ya meet panirkomey, nalla paduvanga. Apdinu thought varum la. Unnoda dream shop open panra, anga yaru varuva? Accidentally unnoda glimpse vandhu atleast she made my day ah Dan irukanum. Please be little kind to everyone
Your videos are super motivating for us.
Why Yung Kai is in last the list should be flipped up side down
"I bet Epstein was trying to slurp him!" Lol omfg Theo is the best
That clippers inbounds was crazy ain’t no way u fold on a inbound with 3 old men over 35 on the floor
mom walks in
The boy breathing smiling omg I omg I can t tack it I can't stop looking ate himmmmmmmm aaaa I a shy
I miss this legend
The lesson I learned from #2 is never please a man and put yourself through hell just to make him happy
Whi is no one talking about her unfortunate hairline
I was worried about the tamil lyrics epdi erukumoo
that ain't no lake that's a black hole
Now there's a godess lads.
Day 1 of trying to get a PC currently running games on pure imagination
Lovely
It's a James Bond game afterall, Got to have the Persuasion Mechanic
So nice to see our old flag again....
Haven’t even watched and I know it’s peak
Bro is not surviving on the last one
Complaining and nitpicking about the most polished foldable on the market while deffending the abomination that is the phone 3 is crazy
Bro is unboxing youtubers
Ithe song
Handsome padosi crying in corner
I like them all
Yo so funny bro is not a human he is  a weirdo lol
What is the singing? It’s so weird and this video is really weird. It’s like about a fat booty or a finger girl like what is this?
Pov: you think that the knight we play as is just a cute little potato
I don’t know but as a European it’s so crazy to me that you can decide between diced and sliced onions  Like why would you buy pre sliced veggies and not just buy a single onion and cut it fresh yourself Also those prices are insaaaaaane
The ai one
250k
Y'all how did he end up in a closed shed if he is four h can't reach the handles to open and close the door like
Nakakaiyak Naman PO idol Ivana alawi more blessings to come godbless
I have that little toy gun
I get he's the CEO, but bro do have a point there
Why they always pretend to have a bday
who's under the table broski
Shooting a 4-pointer when the game was tied, and actually losing the game itself LOL
Once, I was in a gc called "The ministry of public health"
Menn, I think Justin Bieber should let go of that Kind of Stalker Woman even they're ingaged or having family or a power, Wealth like that" He needs to let it go, I don't think that's really healthy" We should never ignore these signs and resemblances, Yk there evidence" Poor Man Justin"
Accidentally my fat ass bro
Nah imagine fighting the nameless deity on that
day 2 of asking for a dji osmo 3
Man: no litter please o yeah who going to stop me the monster: pow Man: so what happened if u huh: the monster got you  that literally made me get crazy
Miss the Deadly Combo of John Terry and Frank Lampard
This artist is on his way to being the most feared artist on YouTube
why is the tape gay
I’m still waiting for you to react to my YG compilation
I think shake it to the max should be the number 5 because I don't think it sound good and it did not sing. It loud either also it was saying it to slow so I think you should have put shake it to the max in the 5th place
Me and my brother we’re doing a challenge and we put water in her mouth and we watch this video and I choked I swear I saw the light.
Good to see you back!! I was in Kyoto over the summer – wish I saw the polite welcoming dinosaur
Stay where you are, I'm going to be
Bro never used the pixel 9a for a month, as a tech youtuber he constantly had many phones to review and in the end, he compared the phones and never got to experience it and never explained about it's features
Moment of sheer sadness when you notice white hair in the beard of your favorite Youtuber
I feel like your warning offended him
This is to cover up the greater evil that government is involved in
An ad i would never skipp
DaGames' Hello Neighbor song was and still is so PEAK
His look towards u over ur excitement on getting the Barbie doll
